For One (1) Computer

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Electronic End User License Agreement

PLEASE RETURN ANY ACCOMPANYING REGISTRATION FORM TO RECEIVE REGISTRATION BENEFITS

NOTICE TO USER:  THIS IS A CONTRACT. BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE BELOW, YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DECLINE WHERE INSTRUCTED, AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE THE SOFTWARE.

This Adobe Systems Incorporated ("Adobe") End User License Agreement (the "Agreement") accompanies software ("Software") and related explanatory written materials ("Documentation"). The term "Software" shall also include any upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions, and copies of the Software licensed to you by Adobe. Adobe grants to you a nonexclusive license to use the Software and Documentation, provided that you agree to the following:

1.	Use of the Software. 
You may-- 
	1.1.	Install the Software in a single location on a hard disk or other storage device of up to the number of computers indicated in the upper left hand corner ("Permitted Number of Computers") of this Agreement.
	1.2.	Provided the Software is configured for network use, install and use the Software on a single file server for use on a single local area network for either (but not both) of the following purposes: 
		(a)	permanent installation onto a hard disk or other storage device of up to the Permitted Number of Computers; or 
		(b)	use of the Software over such network, provided the number of different computers on which the Software is used does not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. For example, if there are 100 computers connected to the server, with no more than 15 computers ever using the Software concurrently, but the Software will be used on 25 different computers at various times, the Permitted Number of Computers for which you need a license is 25. 
	1.3.	Display, modify, reproduce and distribute any photographs, clip art or other artistic works, in whole or in part, that are included with the Software (unless a specific notice to the contrary is indicated), provided such photographs, clip art or artistic works are not distributed on a stand-alone basis.  Such photographs, clip art and artistic works may not be used in the production of lewd, obscene or pornographic material.
	1.4.	Make one backup copy of the Software, provided your backup copy is not installed or used on any computer. 
	1.5.	HOME USE.  The primary user of each computer on which the Software is installed or used may also install the Software on one home or portable computer. However, the Software may not be used on the secondary computer by another person at the same time the Software on the primary computer is being used. 
	1.6.	FONT SOFTWARE.  If the Software includes font software, you may-- 
		(a)	use the font software as described above on the Permitted Number of Computers and output such font software on any output devices connected to such computers. 
		(b)	If the Number of Permitted Computers is five or fewer, download the font software to the memory (hard disk or RAM) of one output device connected to at least one of such computers for the purpose of having such font software remain resident in the output device, and of one additional such output device for every multiple of five represented by the Number of Permitted Computers. 
		(c)	Take a copy of the font(s) you have used for a particular file to a commercial printer or other service bureau, and such service bureau may use the font(s) to process your file, provided such service bureau has informed you that it has purchased or been granted a license to use that particular font software. 
		(d)	Convert and install the font software into another format for use in other environments, subject to the following conditions: A computer on which the converted font software is used or installed shall be considered as one of your Permitted Number of Computers. You agree that use of the font software you have converted shall be pursuant to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, that such font software may be used only for your own customary internal business or personal use and that such font software may not be distributed or transferred for any purpose, except in accordance with Paragraph 3 below.

2.	Copyright.  The Software is owned by Adobe and its suppliers, and its structure, organization and code are the valuable trade secrets of Adobe and its suppliers. The Software is also protected by United States Copyright Law and International Treaty provisions. You must treat the Software just as you would any other copyrighted material, such as a book. You may not copy the Software or the Documentation, except as set forth in the "Use of the Software" section. Any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Software. Except for font software converted to other formats as permitted in the "Use of the Software" section, you agree not to modify, adapt or translate the Software. You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software. Trademarks shall be used in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademark owner's name. Trademarks can only be used to identify printed output produced by the Software. Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark. Except as stated above, this Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software.

3.	Transfer.  You may not rent, lease, sublicense or lend the Software or Documentation. You may, however, transfer all your rights to use the Software to another person or legal entity provided (1) that you transfer this Agreement, the Software, including all copies, updates and prior versions and all copies of font software converted into other formats, and all Documentation to such person or entity, (2) that you retain no copies, including copies stored on a computer, and (3) that the receiving party accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4.	Multiple Environment Software/Multiple Language Software/Dual Media Software/Multiple Copies/Upgrades.  If the Software includes, or, in connection with the acquisition of the Software you receive, two or more operating environment versions of the Software (e.g., Macintosh and Windows® ), two or more language translation versions of the Software, the same Software on two or more media (e.g., diskettes and a CD-ROM), and/or you otherwise receive two or more copies of the Software, the total aggregate number of computers on which all versions of the Software are used may not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. You may make one back-up copy, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for each version of the Software you use. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, lend or transfer versions or copies of the Software you do not use, or Software contained on any unused media, except as part of the permanent transfer of all Software and Documentation as described above. If you acquire an upgrade or update for Software, you may use the previous version for ninety (90) days after you receive the new version in order to assist you in the transition to the new version, after which time you no longer have a license to use the previous version.

5.	Limited Warranty.  Adobe warrants to you that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation for the ninety (90) day period following your receipt of the Software. This warranty does not apply to font software converted into other formats. To make a warranty claim, you must return the Software to the location where you obtained it along with a copy of your sales receipt within such ninety (90) day period. If the Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation, the entire and exclusive liability and remedy shall be limited to either, at Adobe's option, the replacement of the Software or the refund of the license fee you paid for the Software. ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR ADOBE'S OR ITS SUPPLIERS' BREACH OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY, ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to you. To the extent permissible, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days. This warranty gives you specific legal rights. You may have other rights which vary from state to state or jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For further warranty information, please contact Adobe's Customer Support Department.

6.	Limitation of Liability.  IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

7.	Governing Law and General Provisions.  This Agreement will be governed by the laws in force in the State of California excluding the application of its conflicts of law rules. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of Adobe.

8.	Notice to Government End Users. The Software and Documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (A) only as Commercial Items and (B) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704.

Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. registered in the U.S. and other countries. Windows is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation.





UK
For 1 Computer

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Electronic End User Licence Agreement
UK version (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland)

PLEASE RETURN ANY ACCOMPANYING REGISTRATION FORM TO RECEIVE REGISTRATION BENEFITS

NOTICE TO USER: THIS IS A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), A COMPANY INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, U.S.A. BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE BELOW, YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. This Adobe Systems Incorporated End User Licence Agreement accompanies an Adobe® software product ("Software") and related explanatory materials ("Documentation"). The term "Software" shall also include any upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions and copies of the Software licensed to you by Adobe. You must read this Agreement carefully before indicating your acceptance at the end of the text of this Agreement.  If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, decline where instructed, and you will not be able to use the Software. You should then return this Software, together with all the packaging, to Adobe or the location where you obtained it.

This is a licence agreement and not an agreement for sale. Adobe continues to own the copy of the Software and the physical media contained in this package and any other copy that you are authorised to make pursuant to this Agreement.  Adobe grants to you a non-exclusive licence to use the Software and Documentation, provided that you agree to the following:

1. Use of the Software. 
1.1. You may install the Software in a single location on a hard disk or other storage device of up to the number of computers indicated in the upper left hand corner ("Permitted Number of Computers") of this Agreement.
1.2. Provided the Software is configured for network use, you may install and use the Software on a single file server for use on a single local area network for either (but not both) of the following purposes:
  (a) permanent installation onto a hard disk or other storage device of up to the Permitted Number of Computers; or
  (b) use of the Software over such network, provided the number of different computers on which the Software is used does not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. For example, if there are 100 computers connected to the server, with no more than 15 computers ever using the Software at the same time, but the Software will be used on 25 different computers at various times, the Permitted Number of Computers for which you need a licence is 25.
1.3. You may display, modify, reproduce and distribute any photographs,clip art or other artistic works, in whole or in part, that are included with the Software (unless a specific notice indicates to the contrary), provided such photographs, clip art or artistic works are not distributed on a stand-alone basis.  Such photographs, clip art and artistic works may not be used in the production of lewd, obscene or pornographic material.
1.4. You may make one backup copy of the Software, provided your backup copy is not installed or used on any computer. 

1.5. HOME USE.  The primary user of each computer on which the Software is installed or used may also install the Software on one home or portable computer. However, the Software may not be used on the secondary computer by another person at the same time the Software on the primary computer is being used.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE. If the Software includes font software, you may-- 
(a) Use the font software as described above on the Permitted Number of Computers and output such font software on any output devices connected to such computers. 
(b) If the Permitted Number of Computers is five or fewer, download the font software to the memory (hard disk or RAM) of one output device connected to at least one of such computers for the purpose of having such font software remain resident in the output device, and of one additional such output device for every multiple of five represented by the Permitted Number of Computers.
(c) Take a copy of the font(s) you have used for a particular file to a commercial printer or other service bureau, and such service bureau may use the font(s) to process your file, provided such service bureau has informed you that it has purchased or been granted a licence to use that particular font software.
(d) Convert and install the font software into another format for use in other environments, subject to the following conditions: A computer on which the converted font software is used or installed shall be considered as one of your Permitted Number of Computers. You agree that use of the font software you have converted shall be pursuant to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, that such font software may be used only for your own customary internal business or personal use and that such font software may not be distributed or transferred for any purpose, except in accordance with Clause 3 below.

2. Copyright.  The Software is the intellectual property of Adobe and its suppliers and is protected by United States copyright law, international treaty provisions, and applicable laws of the country in which it is being used. The structure, organisation and code of the Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Adobe and its suppliers. Therefore you must treat the Software just as you would any other copyrighted material, such as a book. You may not copy the Software or the Documentation except as set forth in the "Use of the Software" section. Any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Software. Except for font software converted to other formats as permitted in the "Use of the Software" section, you agree not to modify, adapt or translate the Software except as expressly permitted under the Council Directive of 14 May 1991 on the Legal Protection of Computer Programs ("the Directive"). You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software except as expressly permitted under the Directive. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency between the Directive and any UK legislation the terms of the Directive shall prevail. Please note that you may not decompile the Software unless it is essential to do so in order to achieve operability of the Software with another software program and you have first requested Adobe to provide the information necessary to achieve such operability. Adobe has the right to impose reasonable conditions and to request a reasonable fee before providing such information. Any information supplied by Adobe or obtained by you, as permitted hereunder, may only be used by you for the purpose stated in the Directive and may not be disclosed to any third party or used to create any software which is substantially similar to the expression of the Software. Requests f
or information should be directed to the Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0) 131-453-4422. Trademarks shall be used in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademark owner's name. Trademarks can only be used to identify printed output produced by the Software. Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark. Except as stated above, this Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software. 

3. Transfer.   You may not rent, lease, sublicense or lend the Software or Documentation. You may, however, transfer all your rights to use the Software and Documentation to another person or legal entity provided that (i) you transfer this Agreement, the Software, including all copies, updates and prior versions and all copies of font software converted into other formats, and the Documentation to such person or entity, (ii) you retain no copies, including copies stored on a computer, and (iii) that the receiving party agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4. Multiple Environment Software / Multiple Language Software / Dual Media Software / Multiple Copies / Upgrades.  If this package contains, or, if in connection with the acquisition of the Software contained in this package you receive, two or more operating environment versions of the Software (e.g. Macintosh and Windows®), two or more language translation versions of the Software, the same Software on two or more media (e.g., diskettes and a CD-ROM), and/or you otherwise receive two or more copies of the Software, the total aggregate number of computers on which all versions of the Software are used may not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. You may make one back-up copy, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for each version of the Software you use. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, lend or transfer versions or copies of the Software you do not use, or Software contained on any unused media, except as part of the permanent transfer of all Software and Documentation as described above.

If you acquire an upgrade or update for the Software, you may use the previous version for ninety (90) days after you receive the new version in order to assist you in the transition to the new version, after which time you no longer have a licence to use the previous version.

5. Limited Warranty.  Adobe warrants to you that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation for the ninety (90) day period following your receipt of the Software. This warranty does not apply to font software converted into other formats. To make a warranty claim, you must return the Software to the location where you obtained it along with a copy of your sales receipt within such ninety (90) day period. If the Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation, the entire and exclusive liability of Adobe and its suppliers, and your exclusive remedy shall be limited to either, at Adobe's option, the replacement of the Software or the refund of the licence fee you paid for the Software.

ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR ADOBE'S OR ITS SUPPLIERS' BREACH OF WARRANTY.  EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY, AND FOR ANY WARRANTY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY COMPULSORY LAW IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. WHERE LIABILITY CANNOT BE LEGALLY EXCLUDED, BUT IT MAY BE LIMITED, ADOBE'S LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. 

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. Nothing contained in this Agreement limits Adobe's liability to you in the event of death or personal injury resulting from Adobe's negligence.

Adobe is acting on behalf of its suppliers for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding and/or restricting obligations, warranties and liability as provided in this Clause 5, but in no other respects and for no other purpose.

6. Governing Law and General Provisions.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of Scotland whose courts shall have jurisdiction over all disputes relating to this Agreement.

This is the entire agreement between Adobe and you  relating to the Software and the Documentation and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings. end user licence agreements, communications or advertising relating to the Software and the Documentation.

If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms. This shall not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorised officer of Adobe.

7. Notice to United States Government End Users.  The Software and Documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (i) only as "Commercial Items" and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. 

Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

For your future reference a copy of this End User Licence Agreement will be accessible after you install the Software. If you have any questions regarding this agreement or if you wish to request any information from Adobe, please use the address information enclosed in this product to contact the local Adobe subsidiary serving your country or write to Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.


PLEASE INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OR DECLINE OF THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT BY CLICKING ON THE APPROPRIATE BUTTON BELOW. IF YOU DECLINE THIS AGREEMENT, SETUP WILL CLOSE. TO INSTALL THE SOFTWARE , YOU MUST ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT.



Denmark
For 1 Computer 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektronisk Licenskontrakt, Slutbruger
Dansk Version

vær venlig at returnere vedlagte registreringsformular for at opnå registreringsfordele!

enerettigheder og ophavsrettigheder.
nærværende softwarelicensaftale er en aftale mellem dem, slutbrugeren og adobe systems incorporated ("adobe"), et selskab REGISTRERET I STATEN delaware, u.s.a. VED TILKENDEGIVELSE AF DERES ACCEPT NEDENFOR, HAR DE ACCEPTERET ALLE BESTEMMELSER OG VILKÅR I DENNE KONTRAKT. Nærværende licenskontrakt er vedlagt Adobe® software ("Software") samt tilhørende forklarende materiale ("Dokumentation"). Udtrykket "Software" omfatter også enhver opgradering, modificerede versioner, opdateringer, supplementer samt kopier af Softwaren, som Adobe giver Dem licens til. Med denne kopi af Softwaren får De som slutbruger licens til at anvende Softwaren. De skal læse denne kontrakt omhyggeligt, før De giver Deres accept ved slutningen af teksten i denne kontrakt. Hvis De ikke accepterer bestemmelserne og vilkårene i denne kontrakt, skal De afslå, hvor der bedes om det, og De vil ikke være i stand til at bruge Softwaren. De skal herefter returnere hele softwareprogrampakken til Adobe eller den forhandler, hvor de har erhvervet den. 

Nærværende kontrakt er en licenskontrakt og ikke en aftale om salg. Adobe ejer fortsat kopien af Softwaren, som er inkluderet i denne pakke, og enhver kopi, som De er autoriseret til at tage i overensstemmelse med nærværende kontrakt. Adobe giver Dem en ikke-eksklusiv licens til at bruge Software og Dokumentation, hvis De accepterer følgende:

1. Brug af Softwaren. 
1.1. De må installere Softwaren på en enkelt placering  på en harddisk eller på en anden lagringsenhed i op til det antal computere, der er angivet i øverste venstre hjørne af denne licensaftale ("Tilladte Antal Computere").
1.2. Hvis Softwaren er konfigureret til brug i netværk, må De installere og bruge Softwaren på en enkelt filserver til brug i et enkelt lokalnet med ét (men ikke begge) af følgende formål:
  (a) permanent installation på en hard-disk eller andet lagringsudstyr i op til det Tilladte Antal Computere; eller
  (b) brug af Softwaren over et sådant netværk, hvis antallet af forskellige computere, hvorpå Softwaren bruges, ikke overstiger det Tilladte Antal Computere. Hvis der for eksempel er tilsluttet 100 computere til serveren, hvor der ikke er mere end femten (15) computere, der bruger Softwaren samtidig, men Softwaren vil blive brugt på 25 forskellige computere på forskellige tidspunkter, har De brug for en licens til 25 computere.
1.3. De må fremvise, ændre, gengive og distribuere eventuelle fotos, clip-art og andre kunstneriske arbejder, eller dele heraf, der følger med Softwaren (medmindre andet klart fremgår), forudsat at de pågældende fotos/clip-art/kunstneriske arbejder ikke distribueres på enkeltstående basis.  Fotos, clip-art og andre kunstnereiske arbejder må ikke bruges til fremstilling af uanstændigt, utugtigt eller pornografisk materiale.
1.4. De må lave en back-up kopi af Softwaren, hvis Deres back-up kopi ikke installeres eller bruges på en computer.

1.5. PRIVAT BRUG. Den primære bruger af hver computer, hvorpå Softwaren er installeret eller bruges, må også installere Softwaren på en hjemmecomputer eller bærbar computer. Softwaren må imidlertid ikke bruges på den sekundære computer af en anden person på samme tid, som den bruges på den primære computer.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE. Hvis Softwaren inkluderer font software må De:
(a) Bruge font softwaren som beskrevet ovenfor på Det Tilladte Antal Computere og lægge nævnte font software ned på enhver form for printer, der er tilsluttet disse computere.  
(b) Hvis Det Tilladte Antal Computere er fem eller færre, må De downloade font softwaren til hukommelsen (hard disk eller RAM) på en printer, der er tilsluttet mindst en af disse computere med det formål at have font softwaren på printeren og til hukommelsen på en ekstra printer for hver fem computere det samlede Antal Tilladte Computere forhøjes med.
(c) Tage en kopi af fonten(e) De har brugt til en bestemt fil til en kommerciel printer, trykker eller andet servicebureau, hvis det pågældende servicebureau må bruge fonten(e) til at køre Deres filer, hvis servicebureauet har informeret Dem om at det har en gyldig licens til at bruge denne specielle font software.
(d) Konvertere og installere font softwaren til et andet format til brug i andre operativsystemer på følgende betingelser:  Enhver computer, på hvilken den konverterede font software bruges eller er installeret, skal anses for en ud af Det Tilladte Antal Computere. De accepterer, at brug af font software, der er konverteret, skal ske i overensstemmelse med alle vilkår og bestemmelser i denne kontrakt, og at font softwaren kun må bruges internt som led i den sædvanlige virksomhed eller til personlig brug, og at font softwaren ikke må distribueres eller overdrages til noget andet formål bortset fra det, der er omfattet af pkt. 3 nedenfor.

2. Ophavsret (Copyright).   Adobe og dets leverandører har ophavsret til Softwaren og er beskyttet af amerikansk og dansk ophavsret, internationale traktatbestemmelser samt gældende love i landet, hvor den bruges. Softwarens struktur, organisation og kode er Adobes og dets leverandørers værdifulde forretningshemmeligheder og fortrolige viden. De skal derfor behandle Softwaren på nøjagtig samme måde, som De ville behandle andet ophavsrets-beskyttet materiale, f.eks. en bog. De må ikke kopiere Softwaren eller Dokumentationen, bortset fra de tilfælde beskrevet i afsnittet "Brug af Softwaren". Alle kopier som De laver i henhold til denne kontrakt skal indeholde angivelse af ophavsretten og andre angivelser af rettigheder, som findes på eller i Softwaren. Bortset fra font software, der er konverteret til andre systemer, som beskrevet i afsnittet "Brug af Softwaren", accepterer De ikke at måtte modificere, tilpasse eller oversætte Softwaren. Endvidere accepterer De ikke at ville foretage reverse engineering, dekompilere, adskille eller på nogen anden måde gøre forsøg på at afsløre Softwarens programkode. Varemærker skal bruges i henhold til godkendt praksis vedrørende varemærker, herunder identifikation af varemærkeejerens navn. Varemærker kan kun bruges til identificering af printet output, produceret af Softwaren. Brugen af et varemærke, som er autoriseret heri, giver Dem ingen ejendomsret til dette varemærke. Med undtagelse af ovenstående, giver denne kontrakt Dem ikke på nogen måde immateriel ejendomsret til Softwaren.

I det omfang dansk ret giver Dem ret til at dekompilere Softwaren i den hensigt at opnå den nødvendige information til at gøre Softwaren interoperativ med anden Software, skal De først bede Adobe forsyne Dem med den nødvendige information. Adobe har ret til at benytte sig af rimelige vilkår såsom et rimeligt gebyr herfor. Anmodninger om information kan rettes til Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax + 44-(0)131-453-4422.

3. Overdragelse.    De må ikke udleje, lease, videreoverdrage licens eller udlåne Softwaren eller Dokumentationen. De har dog lov til at overdrage alle Deres rettigheder til at bruge Softwaren og Dokumentationen til en anden person eller juridisk person, forudsat (i) at De overdrager denne aftale, Softwaren, inklusive alle kopier, opdateringer og tidligere versioner og alle kopier af font softwaren, der er konverteret til andet format og Dokumentationen til den pågældende person eller juridiske person, (ii) at De ikke beholder kopier, herunder kopier lagret i en computer, og (iii) at den modtagende part accepterer vilkårene i nærværende aftale. 

4. Software til flere operativsystemer / Flersprogs Software / Software på flere medier / Flere kopier / Opgraderinger.  Hvis Softwaren, der følger med denne kontrakt, indeholder, eller, hvis De i forbindelse med erhvervelsen af Softwaren, der følger med denne kontrakt, modtager to eller flere operative versioner af Softwaren (f.eks. Macintosh og Windows®), to eller flersprogsoversættelses versioner af Softwaren, den samme Software på to eller flere medier (f.eks. disketter og en CD-ROM), og/eller De på anden måde modtager to eller flere kopier af Softwaren, må det totale antal computere, hvorpå alle versioner af Softwaren bruges, ikke overstige det Tilladte Antal Computere. De må lave en back-up kopi, i henhold til bestemmelserne i nærværende licenskontrakt for hver version af Softwaren, De bruger. De må ikke udlåne, udleje, lease eller overdrage versioner eller kopier af Softwaren, De ikke bruger, eller Software på medier, der ikke bruges, undtagen som del af den permanente overdragelse af al Software og Dokumentation, som er nævnt ovenfor.

Hvis De erhverver en opgradering eller opdatering til Softwaren, må De bruge den tidligere version i halvfems (90) dage efter modtagelsen af den nye version i forbindelse med overgangen fra den gamle til den nye version. Efter dette tidspunkt har De ikke længere licens til den tidligere version. 

5. Begrænset garanti.  Adobe giver halvfems (90) dages garanti fra modtagelse af Softwaren, at Softwaren i alt væsentligt fungerer i henhold til Dokumentationen. Denne garanti gælder ikke for font software, der er konverteret til andre formater. For at gøre krav i henhold til garantien skal De returnere Softwaren sammen med en kopi af kvitteringen til forhandleren, hvor den er anskaffet, inden for disse halvfems (90) dage. Hvis Softwaren ikke i alt væsentligt fungerer i henhold til Dokumentationen, vil Adobes og dets leverandørers ansvar, og Deres eneste retsmiddel, være begrænset til enten, efter Adobes valg, udskiftning af Softwaren eller refundering af hele licensbeløbet, De har betalt for Softwaren. 

adobe og dets leverandører garanterer ikke og kan ikke garantere for de præstationer eller resultater, de opnår ved at bruge softwaren eller dokumentationen. Ovennævnte angiver det eneste retsmiddel for adobes eller dets leverandørers misligholdelse af garantien. Med undtagelse af ovennævnte begrænsede garanti giver adobe og dets leverandører ingen garantier, hverken direkte eller indirekte, med hensyn til ikke-krænkelse af tredjeparts rettigheder, salgbarhed eller egnethed til specielle formål. Adobe eller dets leverandører er ikke på nogen måde ansvarlig over for dem med hensyn til driftsmæssige, tilfældige eller specielle skadeserstatninger, herunder tabt fortjeneste eller tabt opsparing, heller ikke hvis en adobe-repræsentant er blevet rådspurgt vedrørende muligheden for sådanne skadeserstatninger, eller for noget krav fra tredjepart. 

Ovenstående har ikke konsekvenser for og påvirker ikke Deres lovbestemte rettigheder.

Nogle stater og jurisdiktioner tillader ikke begrænsning af garantiperiodens varighed og tillader ikke undtagelse eller begrænsning af tilfældige, driftsmæssige eller specielle skadeserstatninger, således at ovennævnte begrænsning eller undtagelse ikke gælder for Dem. Nogle stater eller jurisdiktioner tillader heller ikke udelukkelse af stiltiende garantier eller begrænsninger med hensyn til, hvor lang tid en stiltiende garanti varer, således at ovennævnte begrænsninger ikke gælder for Dem. Med hensyn til udstrækning er enhver gældende kontraktlig forpligtelse begrænset til halvfems (90) dage. Denne kontraktlige forpligtelse giver Dem specielle rettigheder. De har muligvis andre rettigheder, som varierer fra stat til stat eller fra jurisdiktion til jurisdiktion. For yderligere oplysninger vedrørende kontraktlige forpligtelser bedes De kontakte Adobes Customer Support Department.

6. Gældende lov og generelle bestemmelser.  Retsforholdet ifølge nærværende kontrakt og dennes fortolkning afgøres efter dansk ret. Lov nr. 733 af 7. december 1988 om FN's konvention om internationale løsørekøb, "Uniform Law on the Formation of Agreements for the International Sale of Goods" eller "Uniform Law on the International Sale of Goods" eller nogen lov, regel eller bestemmelse i nogen jurisdiktion, baseret på en af førnævnte, og anvendelse af alle førnævnte er udtrykkeligt udelukket. Såfremt nogen del af denne kontrakt er ugyldig og ikke kan håndhæves, har det ingen indflydelse på gyldigheden af kontrakten som helhed, som stadig gælder og kan håndhæves i henhold til dens indhold. De accepterer, at Softwaren ikke transporteres, overdrages eller eksporteres til noget land eller bruges på nogen måde, som er forbudt i henhold til "United States Export Administration Act" eller nogen anden eksportlov, restriktion eller bestemmelse. Denne kontrakt bringes automatisk til ophør, hvis De ikke overholder dens bestemmelser. Denne kontrakt kan kun ændres ved skriftlig aftale mellem Dem og en autoriseret ledende funktionær hos Adobe.

Nærværende kontrakt er hele kontrakten mellem Adobe og Dem med hensyn til Softwaren og Dokumentationen. Kontrakten erstatter alle tidligere repræsentationer, diskussioner, løfter, slutbrugerlicenskontrakter, meddelelser eller averteringer i forbindelse med Softwaren og Dokumentationen.

7. Bemærkninger til slutbrugere inden for amerikansk forvaltning.  Softwaren og Dokumentationen er "Commercial Items" (kommercielle artikler), som defineret i 48 C.F.R. §2.101, bestående af "Commercial Computer Software" (kommerciel edb-software) og "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (dokumentation for kommerciel edb-software), som nærmere defineret i 48 C.F.R. §12.212 hhv. 48 C.F.R. §227.7202. I overensstemmelse med 48 C.F.R. §12.212 eller 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 til 227.7202-4 bliver slutbrugere inden for amerikansk forvaltning bevilget licens til "Commercial Computer Software" og "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (i) alene som "Commercial Items" og (ii) kun med de rettigheder der tildeles alle andre slutbrugere efter nærværende betingelser og vilkår.

Ikke offentliggjorte rettigheder forbeholdes i henhold til De forenede Staters love om copyright, Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

De har adgang til en kopi af denne slutbruger licenskontrakt, efter at De har installeret Softwaren. Hvis De har spørgsmål om nærværende kontrakt, eller hvis De ønsker information fra Adobe, bedes De benytte oplysningerne vedrørende adresse, som er vedlagt produktet, for at kontakte den lokale Adobe-afdeling eller repræsentant i Deres land eller skriv til Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax + 44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe er Adobe Systems Incorporated's varemærke. Macintosh er Apple Computer, Inc's registrerede varemærke. Windows er Microsoft Corporation's registrerede varemærke.

TILKENDEGIV VENLIGST DERES ACCEPT ELLER AFSLAG AF OVENSTÅENDE KONTRAKT VED AT KLIKKE PÅ DEN PÅGÆLDENDE KNAP HERUNDER. OM DU AVSTÅR FRÅN ATT INGÅ AVTALET, KOMMER INSTALLATIONSPROGRAMMET ATT STÄNGAS. FÖR ATT INSTALLERA SOFTWAREN MÅSTE DU ACCEPTERA DETTA AVTAL.



Spain
Para 1 Ordenador

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrato Electrónico de Licencia de Usuario Final 
Versión Española

POR FAVOR DEVUELVA LOS IMPRESOS ADJUNTOS PARA BENEFICIARSE DE LAS VENTAJAS DE SU REGISTRO

AVISO PARA EL USUARIO: ESTE ES UN CONTRATO ENTRE VD. Y ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), UNA COMPAÑIA CONSTITUIDA CONFORME A LA LEGISLACIÓN DEL ESTADO DE DELAWARE, E.E.U.U. INDICANDO ABAJO SU ACEPTACION, USTED ACEPTA TODOS LOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DE ESTE CONTRATO. Este contrato de licencia de usuario final de Adobe Systems Incorporated acompaña un producto de software Adobe® ("Software") y sus correspondientes textos explicativos ("Documentación"). El término "Software" también incluye cualesquiera versiones superiores, modificadas, actualizaciones, adiciones y copias del Software cedido a Vd. por Adobe. Léase este Contrato detenidamente antes de indicar su aceptación al final del texto del presente Contrato. Si no está de acuerdo con las condiciones y términos de este Contrato, rechace donde está indicado, y no podrá usar el Software. En tal caso debe devolver este Software junto con todo el resto del paquete a Adobe o al lugar en donde lo ha obtenido. 

El presente es un contrato de licencia y no un contrato de venta. Adobe sigue siendo el propietario de la copia de Software y los medios físicos contenidos en este paquete, y de cualquier otra copia que el usuario pueda realizar en conformidad con este Contrato. A su aceptación de este Contrato, Adobe le concede una licencia no exclusiva para utilizar el Software y la Documentación, siempre que Vd. esté conforme con cuanto sigue:

1. Utilización del Software. 
1.1. Vd. puede instalar el Software en un solo puesto en un disco duro u otro dispositivo de almacenamiento hasta el número de ordenadores indicado en la parte superior izquierda ("Número de Ordenadores Permitido") del presente Contrato.
1.2. Siempre que el Software esté configurado para su uso en una red, Vd. puede instalar y utilizar el Software en un solo servidor de ficheros para utilizarlo en una sola red de área local para cualquiera (pero no ambos) de los siguientes objetivos:
(a) instalación permanente en un disco duro u otro dispositivo de almacenamiento de hasta el Número de Ordenadores Permitido; o
(b) utilización del Software en dicha red, siempre que el número de ordenadores diferentes en los que se utilice el Software no exceda del Número de Ordenadores Permitido. Por ejemplo, si hay 100 ordenadores conectados al servidor, y nunca más de 15 ordenadores utilizando el Software simultáneamente, pero siendo 25 los ordenadores que utilizarán el Software en distintos momentos, el número de Ordenadores Permitido para el que se necesita la licencia es de 25.
1.3. Vd. puede visualizar, modificar, reproducir y distribuir cualesquiera fotografías, colección de imágenes gráficas u otros trabajos artísticos, íntegra o parcialmente, que se incluyen con el software, (a menos que una nota específica indique lo contrario), siempre que dichas fotografías, colección de imágenes gráficas o trabajos artísticos no se distribuyan de forma unitaria. No pueden utilizarse fotografías, colección de imágenes gráficas y trabajos artísticos en la elaboración de materiales lujuriosos, obscenos o pornográficos.
1.4. Vd. puede hacer una copia de seguridad del Software, siempre que esa copia de seguridad no se instale ni se utilice en ningún ordenador.

1.5. USO DOMÉSTICO. El usuario principal de cada ordenador en el que se instale o utilice el Software podrá instalar también el Software en un ordenador doméstico o portátil. Sin embargo, el Software no podrá utilizarse en el ordenador secundario al mismo tiempo que se utilice en el ordenador principal.

1.6. SOFTWARE DE FUENTE. Si el Software incluye software de fuente, Vd. puede: 
(a) Utilizar el software de fuente, de la forma antes descrita, en el Número de Ordenadores Permitido y extraerlo de cualquier dispositivo de salida conectado a los mismos.
(b) Si el Número de Ordenadores Permitido es igual o inferior a cinco, descargar el software de fuente de la memoria (Disco duro o RAM) a un dispositivo de salida conectado al menos a uno de los ordenadores mencionados, con el propósito de que dicho software de fuente permanezca en el dispositivo de salida, y en un dispositivo de salida adicional por cada múltiplo de cinco representado por el número de ordenadores permitido. 
(c) Llevar una copia de la(s) fuente(s) que haya utilizado para un fichero determinado a una imprenta profesional u otra empresa de servicios, y dicha empresa de servicios puede utilizar la(s) fuente(s) para procesar su fichero, siempre que dicha empresa de servicios le informe que ha comprado o le ha sido concedida una licencia para utilizar ese software de fuente determinado.
(d) Convertir e instalar el software de fuente en otro formato para utilizarlo en otros entornos, teniendo en cuenta las siguientes condiciones: Cada ordenador en el que sea instalado o utilizado el software de fuente convertido, debe considerarse como uno de su Número de Ordenadores Permitido. Vd. conviene en que la utilización del software de fuente que ha convertido deberá adecuarse a los términos y condiciones del presente Contrato, que dicho software de fuente sólo puede utilizarlo para sus negocios internos habituales o para su uso personal y que tal software de fuente no podrá distribuirse o transferirse por ningún motivo, excepto de conformidad con el Párrafo 3.

2. Derechos de propiedad intelectual (copyright).  El Software es propiedad intelectual de Adobe y sus proveedores y está protegido por las Leyes de Propiedad Intelectual de Estados Unidos, por disposiciones de tratados internacionales y por las leyes aplicables del país donde se utilice. La estructura, organización y codificación del Software constituyen valiosos secretos comerciales e información confidencial de Adobe y sus proveedores. Deberá por tanto, tratar el Software de la misma forma que haría con cualquier otro material con derechos de propiedad, como, por ejemplo, un libro. No podrá copiar el Software o la Documentación, excepto en la forma descrita en la sección "Uso del Software". Todas las copias que esté autorizado a hacer de conformidad con este Contrato deberán contener las mismas advertencias sobre derecho de propiedad y demás advertencias de otros propietarios que aparezcan en el Software. Excepto en lo que respecta al software de fuente convertido a otros formatos en la forma en que se autoriza en la sección "Uso del Software", Vd. acepta no modificar, adaptar o traducir el Software. También acepta no invertir, descodificar, desmontar o tratar de descubrir por cualquier otro medio la codificación original del Software. Las marcas deberán utilizarse de conformidad con los usos comerciales sobre marcas, incluida la mención del nombre del propietario de la marca. Las marcas sólo pueden utilizarse para identificar los impresos producidos por el Software. Esta utilización de cualquier marca no implica la concesión de ningún derecho de propiedad sobre la misma. Con excepción de lo mencionado anteriormente, el presente Contrato no le concede ningún derecho de propiedad intelectual sobre el Software.

En la medida en que la ley local le permita descompilar el Software para obtener la información necesaria para compatibilizar este Software con otros softwares, deberá solicitar previamente a Adobe la información necesaria. Adobe tiene derecho a imponer condiciones razonables, tales como una cuota razonable por prestar ese servicio. Las solicitudes de información se pueden dirigir al Departamento de Ayuda al Cliente, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimburgo, Escocia EH11 4DU, Reino Unido, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

3. Transmisión.  No podrá alquilar, arrendar, sublicenciar o prestar el Software ni la Documentación. Sin embargo, sí podrá transmitir todos sus derechos de uso del Software y la Documentación a otra persona o entidad jurídica, siempre que (i) ceda este Contrato, el Software, incluidas todas las copias, actualizaciones, versiones anteriores y todas las copias del Software de Fuente convertidas a otros formatos, además de la Documentación, a tal persona o entidad, (ii) que no se quede ninguna copia, incluídas las almacenadas en un ordenador, y (iii) que el cesionario acepte los términos y condiciones del presente Contrato. 

4. Software para Diferentes Entornos / Software en Diferentes Lenguas / Software en Dos Medios / Diferentes Copias / Versiones superiores. Si este paquete incluye, o si Vd. recibe junto con la adquisición del Software contenido en este paquete versiones para dos o más entornos operativos del Software (por ej., Macintosh y Windows®), versiones del Software traducidas a dos o más lenguas, el mismo Software en dos o más medios (por ej., disquetes y un CD-ROM), y/o si Vd. recibe dos o más copias del Software, el número total de ordenadores en que se pueden usar todas las versiones del Software no podrá ser superior al Número de Ordenadores Permitido. Podrá hacer una copia de seguridad, de conformidad con los términos del presente Contrato, para cada versión del Software que utilice. No podrá arrendar, alquilar, sublicenciar, prestar o transmitir las versiones o copias del Software que no utilice, o el Software contenido en cualquier medio no utilizado, excepto que forme parte de la transmisión permanente de todo el Software y la Documentación en la forma antes descrita.

Si Vd. adquiere una versión superior o una actualización para el Software, puede utilizar la versión anterior durante noventa (90) días después de que reciba la nueva versión, con el objeto de ayudarle en la transición a la nueva versión, después de los cuales no dispone de licencia para utilizar la versión anterior. 

5. Garantía Limitada.   Adobe le garantiza que el Software funcionará fundamentalmente de acuerdo con la Documentación durante un período de noventa (90) días tras la recepción del Software. Esta garantía no se aplica al software de fuente convertido a otros formatos. Para efectuar una reclamación durante el período de garantía, deberá devolver el Software al lugar donde lo adquirió junto con una copia del comprobante de venta dentro del citado período de noventa (90) días. Si el Software no funciona fundamentalmente de acuerdo con la Documentación, la responsabilidad y compensación totales y exclusivas de Adobe y sus proveedores se limitarán a la sustitución del Software o al reembolso de la cantidad pagada por la licencia del Software, a elección de Adobe.  

ADOBE Y SUS PROVEEDORES NO GARANTIZAN NI PUEDEN GARANTIZAR EL FUNCIONAMIENTO O LOS RESULTADOS QUE PUEDA OBTENER AL UTILIZAR EL SOFTWARE O LA DOCUMENTACIÓN. CUANTO SE HA DICHO CONSTITUYE EL ÚNICO Y EXCLUSIVO DERECHO QUE TIENE VD. EN CASO DE INCUMPLIMIENTO DE LA GARANTIA POR PARTE DE ADOBE O SUS PROVEEDORES. EXCEPTO LA GARANTIA LIMITADA ANTES CITADA, ADOBE Y SUS PROVEEDORES NO CONCEDEN NINGUNA GARANTIA NI CONDICIONES, EXPRESAS NI IMPLÍCITAS, CON RELACIÓN A LA NO VIOLACIÓN DE DERECHOS DE TERCEROS, COMERCIABILIDAD, CALIDAD SATISFACTORIA O IDONEIDAD PARA UN FIN DETERMINADO. EN NINGÚN CASO ADOBE O SUS PROVEEDORES SERÁN RESPONSABLES POR DAÑOS CONSIGUIENTES, INCIDENTALES O ESPECIALES, INCLUYENDO CUALQUIER PÉRDIDA DE BENEFICIOS O AHORROS, INCLUSO EN EL CASO DE QUE SE HAYA NOTIFICADO A UN REPRESENTANTE DE ADOBE LA POSIBILIDAD DE QUE OCURRAN TALES DAÑOS, O POR CUALQUIER RECLAMACIÓN POR PARTE DE TERCEROS.

El contenido del presente Contrato no podrá perjudicar en nada a los derechos reglamentarios de ninguna de las partes en su calidad de consumidores.

Algunos Estados o Jurisdicciones no permiten la exclusión o limitación de daños consiguientes, incidentales o especiales, o la exclusión de garantías implícitas o limitaciones durante el período de vigencia de la garantía implícita, de modo que las limitaciones citadas pueden no resultar aplicables a Vd. En la medida en que se permitan, las garantías implícitas se limitarán a noventa (90) días. Esta garantía le concede derechos legales específicos. Puede tener otros derechos que variarán según el Estado o Jurisdicción. Para más información sobre la garantía, rogamos se ponga en contacto con el Departamento de Ayuda al Cliente de Adobe.

6. Ley aplicable y Disposiciones Generales.  El presente Contrato se regirá por las leyes vigentes en España (con exclusión de la aplicación de las disposiciones referentes a los conflictos de leyes del país en cuestión). El presente Contrato no se regirá por la Convención de las Naciones Unidas sobre Contratos para la Venta Internacional de Mercancías, ni la Ley de Normalización Comercial sobre la Venta Internacional de Mercancías, ni cualquier ley, norma o reglamento de ninguna jurisdicción basada en la citada convención o leyes de normalización, y por el presente se excluye expresamente la aplicación de las citadas convención y leyes de normalización, junto con la aplicación de cualquier ley, norma o reglamento de cualquier jurisdicción basada en las mismas. Si alguna parte de este Contrato se considera inválida o inexigible, ello no afectará a la validez de la totalidad del Contrato, que seguirá siendo válido y exigible de conformidad con sus términos. Vd. está conforme con que el Software no se transportará, trasladará o exportará a otro país ni se utilizará de ninguna forma prohibida por la Ley de Comercio Exterior de los Estados Unidos de Norteamérica ni por otras leyes, limitaciones o reglamentos sobre exportación. El presente Contrato se resolverá automáticamente en caso de que Vd. no cumpla con las condiciones del mismo. El presente Contrato sólo podrá modificarse mediante escrito firmado por un ejecutivo autorizado de Adobe. Con renuncia expresa a su propio fuero o domicilio, cualquier duda, cuestión o litigio que pueda surgir de la interpretación de este Contrato de Licencia, las partes se someten a la jurisdicción y competencia de los Juzgados y Tribunales competentes en la ciudad de Barcelona.

Este es el contrato entero entre Vd. y Adobe con respecto al Software y la Documentación y reemplaza toda representación, discusión, compromiso, licencia de usuario final, comunicación, o publicidad anteriores a este asunto.

7. Aviso para los Usuarios del Gobierno de los Estados Unidos. El Software y la Documentación son "Commercial items" (Elementos Comerciales), tal como se define este término en 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consistente en "Commercial Computer Software" (Software Informático Comercial) y "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Documentación de Software Informático Comercial), tal como se emplean tales términos en 48 C.F.R. §12.212 ó 48 C.F.R. 227.7202, tal como proceda. Conforme a 48 C.F.R. §12.212 o  conforme a 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 hasta 227.7202-4 tal como proceda, el "Commercial Computer Software" y la "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" se licencian a Usuarios finales del Gobierno de los Estados Unidos (i) únicamente como "Commercial items", y (ii) únicamente con los derechos otorgados a todos los demás usuarios finales, en virtud de los términos y condiciones aquí contenidas.

Quedan reservados los derechos de las obras no publicadas bajo las leyes de derecho de propiedad de los Estados Unidos. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Después de instalar el Software podrá acceder a una copia de este contrato de licencia de usuario para consultarlo en un futuro, si fuese necesario. Si tiene dudas relativas al presente Contrato o si desea solicitar información a Adobe, rogamos utilice la dirección incluida en este producto para contactar con la filial local de Adobe en su país o escriba al Departamento de Ayuda al Cliente, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimburgo, Escocia, EH11 4DU, Reino Unido, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe es una marca de Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh es una marca comercial registrada de Apple Computer, Inc. Windows es una marca registrada de Microsoft Corporation.


POR FAVOR, INDIQUE SU ACEPTACION O RECHAZO DEL ACUERDO ANTERIORMENTE MENCIONADO HACIENDO 'CLIC' EN EL BOTÓN APROPIADO. SI RECHAZA ESTE CONTRATO, LA INSTALACION DEL SOFTWARE NO SERA POSIBLE. NECESITA ACCEPTAR ESTE CONTRATO PARA INSTALAR EL SOFTWARE.



Swiss
PER 1 COMPUTER 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Accordo di licenza elettronico d'uso per l'utilizzatore finale
Versione Svizzera

PER BENEFICIARE DEI VANTAGGI RISERVATI AGLI UTILIZZATORI REGISTRATI RISPEDIRE L'EVENTUALE SCHEDA DI REGISTRAZIONE ALLEGATA.

AVVERTENZA: IL PRESENTE ACCORDO VIENE STIPULATO TRA L'UTILIZZATORE FINALE E LA ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED (NEL PROSIEGUO, PER BREVITÀ, L' "ADOBE„), UNA SOCIETÀ DI DIRITTO DEL DELAWARE, CORRENTE NEGLI STATI UNITI D'AMERICA. CONFERMANDO QUI DI SEGUITO LA SUA ACCETTAZIONE COME RICHIESTO, LEI ACCETTA TUTTI I TERMINI E LE CONDIZIONI DI QUESTO ACCORDO. Questo Accordo di Licenza per l'Utilizzatore Finale della Adobe Systems è fornito con un prodotto software della Adobe® ("Software") e con il relativo materiale scritto con le spiegazioni (in seguito denominato "Documentazione"). Il termine "Software" includerà inoltre ogni e qualsiasi miglioramento, versione modificata, aggiornamento, aggiunta e copia del Software datoLe in licenza da Adobe. La preghiamo di leggere attentamente questo Accordo prima di confermare la Sua accettazione alla fine del testo. Se non desidera accettare i termini e le condizioni del presente Accordo, è tenuto a confermare il Suo rifiuto dove indicato, e pertanto non sarà in grado di usare il Software. Dovrà quindi rispedirci questo Software, insieme al resto del pacchetto ad Adobe o all'indirizzo dove lo ha acquistato. Il prezzo pagato le verrà interamente rimborsato.

Disposizioni  di licenza: Il presente è un accordo di licenza e non un accordo di vendita. Adobe continua ad essere proprietaria di questa copia del Software contenuta in questo pacchetto e qualsiasi altra copia che Lei è autorizzato ad effettuare in conformità con questo Accordo. Adobe Le concede una licenza non esclusiva per l'utilizzo del Software e della Documentazione, a condizione che Lei si dichiari d'accordo con le disposizioni seguenti:

1. Uso del Software.
1.1. E' permesso installare il Software in una locazione singola sul disco rigido o qualunque altro dispositivo di memoria dei computer il cui numero massimo è indicato in alto a sinistra, all'inizio del presente Accordo ("Numero Permesso di Computer").
1.2. Se il Software è stato configurato per l'uso in rete, è permesso installare e usare il Software su un singolo file-server per consentirne l'uso su una singola rete locale con uno (ma non con ambedue) dei seguenti scopi:
  (a) l'installazione permanente su un disco rigido o qualunque altro dispositivo di memoria del Numero Permesso di Computer, o
  (b) l'uso del Software in rete a condizione che la quantità dei diversi computer sui quali il Software è installato non superi il Numero Permesso di Computer. Per esempio, se 100 computer sono collegati al server e mai più di 15 computer useranno contemporaneamente il Software, mentre il Software verrà usato su 25 computer differenti in vari periodi di tempo, il Numero Permesso di Computer per il quale sarà necessario disporre di una licenza è pari a 25.
1.3. E' permesso visualizzare, modificare, riprodurre e distribuire interamente o parzialmente, qualsiasi fotografia, clipart o altro lavoro artistico, che siano contenuti nel Software (a meno che una nota specifiche indichi il contrario), purchè tali fotografie, clipart o lavori artistici non vengano distribuiti isolatamente. Tali fotografie, clipart e lavori artistici non possono essere utilizzati per la produzione di materiale contrario al pudore, osceno o pornografico. 
1.4. E' permesso fare una copia di salvataggio del Software, a condizione che questa copia di salvataggio non venga installata o usata su qualsiasi altro computer.

1.5. USO PRIVATO.  L'utilizzatore principale di ogni computer sul quale è stato installato o viene usato il Software potrà anche installare il Software su un computer secondario cioè un personal computer o un computer portatile. In ogni caso il Software non potrà essere usato da terzi sul computer secondario mentre allo stesso tempo il Software viene usato sul computer principale.

1.6. CARATTERE TIPOGRAFICO SOFTWARE. Se il Software comprende carattere tipografico software:
(a) E' permesso usare questo carattere tipografico software alle condizioni sopra menzionate sul Numero Permesso di Computer e trasmettere tale carattere tipografico software su qualunque dispositivo in uscita connesso a questi computer.
(b) Se il Numero Permesso di Computer è pari o inferiore a cinque, è permesso copiare il carattere tipografico software nella memoria (disco rigido o memoria RAM) di un dispositivo in uscita connesso ad almeno uno di tali computer in modo da realizzare la presenza permanente del carattere tipografico software nel dispositivo in uscita nonché nella memoria di un'unità addizionale del dispositivo in uscita per ogni quantità multipla di cinque rappresentata dal Numero Permesso di Computer.
(c) E' inoltre permesso portare una copia del carattere tipografico (o caratteri tipografici) software, da Lei eventualmente utilizzato (utilizzati) all'interno di un file specifico presso un centro di servizi che fornisce professionalmente servizi di stampa o altri servizi, e quest'ultimo può utilizzare il carattere tipografico (o caratteri tipografici) software per elaborare il documento (file) fornito dall'utilizzatore finale, a condizione che tale centro di servizi per la stampa L'abbia informata che ha acquistato o ricevuto una licenza per l'uso del Carattere Tipografico Software (o dei Caratteri Tipografici Software) utilizzato(i) nel file specifico. 
(d) E' permesso trasformare ed installare il Carattere Tipografico Software in un altro formato per utilizzarlo in altri ambienti, conforme alle disposizioni seguenti:
  - un computer sul quale il Software convertito viene usato sarà considerato uno del Suo Numero Permesso di Computer.
  - Lei dichiara di accettare che l'uso del carattere tipografico software trasformato è sottoposto alle disposizioni del presente Accordo; che il carattere tipografico software viene usato unicamente per l'uso proprio, usuale, interno, commerciale o personale dell'utilizzatore; e che non venga trasferito o distribuito per nessun altro scopo, fuorché secondo le eccezioni stabilite in Paragrafo 3 in appresso. 

2. Diritti d'autore.
2.1.  Il Software è proprietà intellettuale della Adobe e dei suoi fornitori ed è protetto dal diritti d'autore. La struttura, l'organizazione ed il codice del Software contengono inoltre segreti d'affari di ragguardevole valore e dati confidenziali della Adobe e dei suoi fornitori.  
2.2.  Lei è vincolato a trattare il Software come qualsiasi bene tutelato da diritti d'autore, ad esempio un libro. Non è permesso copiare il Software o la Documentazione a meno che ciò non venga consentito nella clausola del presente Accordo nella sezione "Uso del Software". Qualsiasi copia che Le è consentito di fare in conformità ai termini di questo Accordo dovrà riprodurre le stesse avvertenze relative ai diritti d'autore e la proprietà presenti sull'originale del Software.
2.3.  Ad eccezione del Carattere Tipografico Software, che secondo la clausola sull'Uso del Software può essere trasformato in altri formati, Lei accetta di non modificare, adattare o tradurre il Software. Accetta inoltre di non decodificare, decompilare o scomporre o tentare in qualsiasi modo di scoprire il codice sorgente del Software.
2.4.  I marchi di fabbrica vanno usati unicamente in ossequio alla prassi riconosciuta in materia di marchio, anche per quanto concerne l'identificazione del titolare di un marchio. Un marchio di fabbrica può essere utilizzato unicamente per identificare il materiale stampato prodotto con il Software. Un simile uso del marchio non ha per conseguenza che Lei diventi in nessun modo titolare del marchio così usato. 
2.5.  Ad eccezione di quanto precede, il presente Accordo non conferisce a Lei nessuna prerogativa d'uso rispetto ai diritti di proprietà intelletuale riguardanti il Software. Nella misura in cui Lei è legittimato a decompilare il Software giusta l'articolo 21 della legge federale svizzera sul diritto d'autore onde ricavare l'informazione necessaria a rendere compatibile il Software con un altro software, Lei deve richiedere innanzitutto dalla Adobe le informazioni necessarie. Adobe potrà porre condizioni appropriate e richiedere in particolare il pagamento di un corrispettivo adeguato. Per ogni quesito relativo ad informazioni si rivolga a Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edingburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax: +44-(0)131-453 4422.

3. Cessione del Software oggetto della licenza.
3.1.  Lei non ha il diritto di cedere il Software o la Documentazione in affitto, in leasing, in prestito o a sua volta in (sub)licenza.
3.2.  Esso può tuttavia trasferire tutti i suoi diritti all'uso del Software e della Documentazione ad una terza persona fisica o giuridica a condizione che (i) trasferisca il presente Accordo, il Software, comprese tutte le copie, aggiornamenti e versioni precedenti e tutte le copie delle font convertite in altri formati, nonché la Documentazione a detta persona fisica o giuridica, (ii) non trattenga copie, neppure memorizzate su computer e (iii) la parte ricevente accetti i termini e le condizioni del presente Accordo. 

4. Multiple Environment Software / Multiple Language Software / Dual Media Software / Multiple Copies / Upgrades.
4.1.  Qualora questa confezione comprendesse due o più versioni operative del Software (p.e. Macintosh e Windows®), due o più versioni del Software tradotte in differenti lingue, lo stesso Software su due mezzi differenti (p.e. dischetti e CD-ROM), o qualora conseguentemente all'acquisto del Software dovesse ricevere tali versioni nella confezione, e/o se dovesse ricevere in un altro modo due o più versioni del Software, il numero complessivo di computer sui quali è consentito l'uso di tutte le versioni del Software, non dovrà superare il Numero Permesso di Computer. 
4.2.  In conformità alle condizioni di questo Accordo, potrà fare una copia di salvataggio per ogni versione del Software usato. Non può dare in noleggio o leasing, concedere in sublicenza o trasferire le versioni o le copie del Software non utilizzate o del Software presente in qualunque mezzo non utilizzato, tranne quando fanno parte della cessione definitiva di tutto il Software e della Documentazione nel modo sopra descritto.
4.3.  Se Lei acquista un upgrade o un aggiornamento per il Software, può usare la versione precedente per un periodo di novanta (90) giorni dopo aver ricevuto la nuova versione per facilitare la transizione alla nuova versione. Dopo questo periodo di tempo non ha più la licenza per l'uso della versione precedente.

5. Limitazione della responsabilità.
5.1.  Per un periodo di novanta (90) giorni dall'acquisto del Software, Adobe Le garantisce essenzialmente che il Software funzioni conformemente alla Documentazione. La garanzia non si applica alle font convertite in altri formati. Per ogni pretesa di garanzia, La preghiamo di rinviare al venditore il Software allegando copia della ricevuta di cassa entro un termine di novanta (90) giorni.
5.2.  Quando il Software non funzioni essenzialmente secondo la Documentazione, la responsabilità unica ed esclusiva di Adobe e dei propri fornitori è limitata, a scelta di Adobe, alla fornitura di un nuovo Software o alla restituzione del corrispettivo da Lei pagato per la licenza del Software, e le Sue pretese in garanzia sono limitate da detta scelta di Adobe. Adobe non presta nessun'altra garanzia. Per ulteriori informazioni in materia di garanzia La preghiamo di rivolgersi per cortesia al Customer Support Department di Adobe. 
5.3.  Il presente Accordo lascia impregiudicati eventuali diritti dell'utilizzatore fondati su prescrizioni legali imperative in materia di protezione del consumatore.

6. Legge Regolatrice e Clausole Generali.
6.1.  Se una parte del presente Accordo dovesse essere inefficace o insuscettibile di essere messa in opera, la validità delle altre disposizioni dell'Accordo non ne è inficiata e dette clausole mantengono la propria validità e la propria capacità ad essere messe in opera.
6.2.  Lei si dichiara d'accordo che il Software non sarà spedito, trasferito o esportato in qualsiasi Paese, o usato in nessuna maniera proibita dallo Export Administration Act degli Stati Uniti d'America o da qualsiasi altra legge, restrizione o regolamento sull'esportazione. 
6.3.  Adobe può denunciare il presente Accordo senza preavviso se Lei non adempie ai propri obblighi secondo le disposizioni dell'Accordo stesso. Ogni modifica del presente Accordo necessita la forma scritta e la firma da parte di un rappresentante autorizzato di Adobe.
6.4.  Il presente Accordo è esclusivamente disciplinato dalla legge svizzera. Questo Accordo non sarà disciplinato dalla Convenzione delle Nazioni Unite sulla vendita  internazionale di Beni Mobili né della Legge uniforme sulla conclusione dei contratti internazionali di compravendita di cose mobili corporee.
6.5.  Questo è l'accordo completo tra Lei ed Adobe relativo al Software ed alla Documentazione e sostituisce qualsiasi previa rappresentanza, discussione, impegno, accordo di licenza per l'utilizzatore finale, comunicazione o pubblicità relativi al Software e alla Documentazione.

7. Avviso agli utenti finali per conto del Governo degli Stati Uniti:  Il Software e la Documentazione sono "Commercial Items" (Prodotti commerciali) secondo la definizione datane in 48 C.F.R. §2.101, costituiti da "Commercial Computer Software" (Software commerciale per computer) e "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Documentazione relativa a software commerciale per computer) secondo la definizione datane in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 o C.F.R. §227.7202 nella misura applicabile. Coerentemente al 48 C.F.R. §12.212 o 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 fino al 227.7202-4 incluso nella misura applicabile, il "Commercial Computer Software" e la "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" vengono concessi in licenza ad utilizzatori finali di enti governativi degli Stati Uniti d'America (i) esclusivamente come "Commercial Items" e (ii) con i soli diritti concessi a tutti gli altri utilizzatori finali ai termini ed alle condizioni tutti qui contenuti
 
Diritti su lavori non pubblicati riservati secondo le leggi sul diritto d'autore degli Stati Uniti d'America. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Per ulteriori consultazioni una copia del presente Accordo di Licenza per l'Utente Finale sarà a Sua disposizione, accessibile dopo l'installazione del Software. Se Lei ha delle domande riguardanti il presente Accordo, o se desidera chiedere una qualsiasi informazione alla Adobe, La preghiamo di usare l'indirizzario accluso al prodotto per contattare la rappresentanza della Adobe nel Suo paese, oppure di scrivere a: Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax: +44-(0)131-453 4422.

Adobe è un marchio di fabbrica della Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh è un marchio registrato della Apple Computer Inc. Windows è un marchio registrato della Microsoft Corporation.


LA PREGHIAMO DI CONFERMARE LA SUA ACCETTAZIONE O IL SUO RIFIUTO DEL PRECEDENTE ACCORDO SELEZIONANDO L'APPOSITO PULSANTE SOTTOSTANTE. SE NON ACCETTA QUESTO ACCORDO, NON SARÀ IN GRADO DI INSTALLARE IL SOFTWARE. E NECESSARIO ACCETTARE QUESTO ACCORDO PER INSTALLARE IL SOFTWARE.



Swiss
Für 1 Computer 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektronik-Endbenutzerlizenzvertrag
Schweizer Version

bitte senden sie die beiliegenden eintragungsformulare an adobe zurück, um von den vorteilen einer registrierung zu profitieren.

!wichtiger benutzerhinweis! 
DIES IST EIN VERTRAG ZWISCHEN IHNEN UND ADOBE SYSTEMS incorporated ("adobe"), EINEM IM BUNDESSTAAT DELAWARE, USA, AMTLICH EINGETRAGENEN UNTERNEHMEN. FALLS SIE AM ENDE DES TEXTES IHR EINVERSTÄNDNIS ERKLÄREN, BEDEUTET DIES, DASS SIE MIT SÄMTLICHEN BEDINGUNGEN UND KONDITIONEN DIESES VERTRAGES EINVERSTANDEN SIND. Dieser Vertrag liegt einem Adobe® Softwareprodukt ("Software") und dazugehörigem Erläuterungsmaterial ("Dokumentation") an. Der Begriff "Software" umfasst auch jegliche Upgrades, abgeänderte Fassungen, Updates, Ergänzungen sowie Kopien der Software, für die Adobe Ihnen eine Lizenz erteilt hat. Sie werden gebeten, diesen Vertrag sorgfältig durchzulesen, bevor Sie am Ende des Vertrages Ihr Einverständnis erklären. Wenn Sie nicht mit den Bedingungen des vorliegenden Vertrages einverstanden sind, so machen Sie auf der dafür vorgesehenen Stelle Ihre Ablehnung kenntlich. Die Benutzung der Software ist damit gesperrt. Senden Sie in diesem Fall diese Software zusammen mit dem restlichen Paket an Adobe oder die Stelle zurück, bei der Sie sie erworben haben. Sie erhalten dann den von Ihnen bezahlten Betrag in voller Höhe zurückerstattet.

Lizenzbedingungen. Dies ist ein Lizenzvertrag und kein Kaufvertrag. Die Kopie der Software die in diesem Paket enthalten ist, und jede andere Kopie, zu deren Anfertigung Sie im Rahmen dieses Vertrags berechtigt sind, bleiben Eigentum von Adobe. Mit Ihrer Annahme dieses Vertrags gewährt Adobe Ihnen eine nicht-exklusive Lizenz zur Nutzung der Software und Dokumentation zu folgenden Bedingungen:

1. Nutzung der Software.
1.1. Sie sind berechtigt, die Software an einem Einzelstandort auf eine Festplatte oder ein anderes Speichermedium derjenigen Anzahl von Computern zu installieren, die oben links in diesem Vertrag angegeben ist ("Zulässige Zahl von Computern"). 
1.2. Wenn die Software für Netzbenutzer ausgelegt ist, dürfen Sie diese auf einem Einzeldatei-Server für die Nutzung auf einem einzelnen Ortsnetz installieren und für einen der beiden (jedoch nicht beide) folgenden Zwecke nutzen:
  (a) dauerhafte Installation auf einer Festplatte oder einem anderen Speichermedium bis zur "Zulässigen Zahl von Computern", oder 
  (b) Nutzung der Software über ein solches Netz, wenn die Zahl der Computer, auf denen die Software genutzt wird, die "Zulässige Zahl von Computern" nicht übersteigt. Wenn z.B. 100 Computer an den Server angeschlossen sind (wobei niemals mehr als 15 Computer die Software gleichzeitig nutzen) wenn jedoch die Software zu verschiedenen Zeiten auf 25 verschiedenen Computern genutzt wird, beträgt die "Zulässige Zahl von Computern", für die Sie eine Lizenz benötigen, 25.
1.3. Sie dürfen ein beliebiges Foto, eine beliebige Clipart oder andere künstlerische Arbeiten, die mit der Software geliefert wurden, als ganzes oder teilweise anzeigen, verändern, vervielfältigen und verteilen (vorausgesetzt es liegt keine anders lautende, spezifische Anmerkung vor), sofern diese Fotos, Clipart oder künstlerischen Arbeiten nicht als ein einzelnes Produkt verteilt werden. Derartige Fotos, Clipart und künstlerischen Arbeiten, dürfen nicht für die Produktion von anzüglichem, obszönem oder pornografischen Material verwendet werden.
1.4. Sie sind dazu berechtigt, eine Sicherungskopie der Software herzustellen, jedoch nur unter der Bedingung, dass Ihre Sicherungskopie nicht auf einem Computer oder Ausgabegerät installiert ist oder genutzt wird.

1.5. HEIMNUTZUNG.  Der Hauptbenutzer eines jeden Computers, auf dem die Software installiert oder genutzt wird, darf die Software ebenfalls auf einem Heim- oder tragbaren Computer installieren. Die Software darf auf dem Zweitcomputer jedoch nicht von einer anderen Person genutzt werden, wenn die Software zur gleichen Zeit auf dem Erstcomputer genutzt wird.

1.6. SCHRIFTARTEN-SOFTWARE.  Wenn die Software Schriftarten enthält, so dürfen Sie:
(a) Die Schriftarten-Software gemäss der vorstehenden Bestimmungen auf der "Zulässigen Zahl von Computern" zu nutzen und diese Schriftarten-Software durch mit diesen Computern verbundene Ausgabegeräte auszugeben.
(b) Wenn die "Zulässige Zahl von Computern" fünf oder weniger ist, sind Sie berechtigt, die Schriftarten-Software auf den Speicher (Festplatte oder RAM) eines Ausgabegeräts hinunterzuladen, das mindestens mit einem dieser Computer verbunden ist, um diese Schriftarten-Software in dem Ausgabegerät ansässig zu haben, und auf ein zusätzliches solches Ausgabegerät bei jeder Erhöhung um 5 der "Zulässigen Zahl von Computern".
(c) Eine Kopie der Schriftart(en), die Sie für eine bestimmte Datei benutzt haben, einer gewerblichen Druckerei oder einem sonstigen Dienstleister zur Verfügung zu stellen, und dieser Dienstleister darf die Schriftart(en) benutzen, um Ihre Datei zu verarbeiten, sofern er Sie darüber informiert hat, dass er eine gültige Lizenz zur Nutzung der betreffenden Schriftarten-Software erworben hat oder ihm eine solche erteilt wurde.
(d) Die Schriftarten-Software in ein anderes Format zu transformieren und zu installieren, um sie gemäss den unten stehenden Bedingungen in anderen Systemen zu benutzen. Jede Installation von transformierter oder abgeänderter Schriftarten-Software wird dabei als eine Einheit Ihrer "Zulässigen Zahl von Computern" angesehen, und jegliche solche transformierte oder abgeänderte Schriftarten-Software darf nur auf Ihren zwei zulässigen Ausgabegeräten genutzt werden. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass der Gebrauch der Schriftarten-Software, die Sie transformiert oder abgeändert haben, den Bestimmungen dieses Vertrages unterliegt, dass diese Schriftarten-Software nur für Ihren eigenen, gewöhnlichen, internen, geschäftlichen oder persönlichen Gebrauch genutzt werden und, mit den in Nr. 3 unten genannten Ausnahmen, nicht für irgendeinen Zweck vertrieben oder übertragen werden darf.

2. Urheberrechte.
2.1.  Die Software ist geistiges Eigentum von Adobe und ihren Lieferanten und urheberrechtlich geschützt. Die Struktur, die Anordnung und der Code der Software enthalten zudem wertvolle Geschäftsgeheimnisse und vertrauliche Daten von Adobe und ihren Lieferanten . 
2.2.  Sie sind verpflichtet, die Software wie jedes andere Material, das urheberrechtlich geschützt ist, z.B. ein Buch, zu behandeln. Sie dürfen die Software oder die Dokumentation nicht kopieren, soweit dies nicht in der Bestimmung über die "Nutzung der Software" zugelassen ist. Jegliche Kopien, die Sie nach den Bestimmungen dieses Vertrages machen dürfen, müssen Sie mit denselben Urheberrechts- und anderen Eigentums-Hinweisen versehen, wie sie auf der Originalsoftware selbst erscheinen. 
2.3.  Mit Ausnahme der Schriftarten-Software, die gemäss der Bestimmung "Nutzung der Software" auf andere Formate transformiert oder abgeändert werden darf, verpflichten Sie sich, die Software nicht abzuändern, anzupassen oder zu übersetzen. Sie verpflichten sich ausserdem, die Software nicht zu entschlüsseln, zu dekompilieren, zu disassemblieren oder anderweitig zu versuchen, den Quellencode der Software zu ermitteln. 
2.4.  Marken (Warenzeichen) sind in Übereinstimmung mit anerkannter Markenpraxis zu verwenden, einschliesslich der Identifizierung des Inhabers der Marke. Marken dürfen ausschliesslich zur Kennzeichnung des mit der nicht abgeänderten Software hergestellten und gedruckten Ausgabematerials verwendet werden. Diese Verwendung von Marken führt nicht dazu, dass Sie zum Inhaber dieser Marken werden.
2.5.  Mit Ausnahme des oben Genannten gibt Ihnen dieser Vertrag keinerlei Nutzungsbefugnisse im Hinblick auf die zur Software gehörigen geistigen Eigentumsrechte. Soweit Sie nach Art. 21 des Schweizerischen Urheberrechtsgesetzes dazu befugt sind, die Software zu dekompilieren, um die Informationen zu erlangen, die dazu notwendig sind, die Software mit anderer Software kompatibel zu machen, haben Sie zunächst Adobe um die erforderliche Informationen zu bitten. Adobe kann hierfür angemessene Bedingungen aufstellen und insbesondere eine angemessene Gebühr verlangen. Für Anfragen in bezug auf Informationen wenden Sie sich bitte an das Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, Telefax +44 (0)131-453-4422.

3. Übertragung von lizenzierter Software.
3.1.  Sie dürfen die Software und die Dokumentation nicht vermieten, verleasen, verleihen oder eine Unterlizenz erteilen.
3.2.  Sie sind jedoch dazu berechtigt, Ihre Rechte zur Nutzung der Software und Dokumentation auf eine andere natürliche oder juristische Person unter der Voraussetzung übertragen, dass Sie (i) den vorliegenden Vertrag, die Software, einschliesslich aller Kopien, Updates und früherer Versionen sowie aller Kopien der Schrift-Software, die in andere Formate konvertiert wurde, und die Dokumentation an diese natürliche oder juristische Person übertragen, (ii) dass Sie keine Kopien einschliesslich von Kopien, die auf einem Computer gespeichert sind, zurückbehalten, und dass (iii) der Empfänger die Bedingungen dieses Vertrags akzeptiert.

4. Multiple Environment Software / Multiple Language Software / Dual Media Software / Mehrere Exemplare / Upgrades.
4.1.  Wenn dieses Paket zwei oder mehr Bedienerumgebungs-Versionen der Software (z.B. Macintosh und Windows®), zwei oder mehr Sprachübersetzungs-Versionen der Software, dieselbe Software auf zwei oder mehr Medien (z.B. Disketten und CD-ROM) enthält oder Sie diese in Verbindung mit dem Erwerb der in diesem Paket enthaltenen Software erhalten, und/oder wenn Sie auf andere Weise zwei oder mehr Kopien der Software erhalten, darf die Gesamtzahl der Computer, auf denen alle Versionen der Software genutzt werden, die "Zulässige Zahl von Computern" nicht übersteigen. 
4.2.  Sie dürfen gemäss den Bestimmungen dieses Vertrags eine Sicherungskopie für jede Version der Software anfertigen, die Sie nutzen. Die unbenutzten Versionen oder Kopien der Software und die Software auf unbenutzten Medien dürfen nicht vermietet, verleast, verliehen oder übertragen, und es darf keine Unterlizenz erteilt werden, es sei denn, dass dies als Teil der oben beschriebenen dauerhaften Übertragung der gesamten Software und Dokumentation erfolgt.
4.3.  Wenn Sie ein Upgrade oder Update der Software erwerben sind Sie berechtigt, die bisherige Fassung während neunzig (90) Tagen ab Erhalt zu nutzen, um Ihnen den Übergang auf die neue Software zu erleichtern. Nach Ablauf dieser Frist haben Sie keine Lizenz mehr für die Nutzung der bisherigen Software. 

5. Beschränkte Haftung.
5.1.  Für eine Zeitdauer von neunzig (90) Tagen nach Erhalt der Software übernimmt Adobe Ihnen gegenüber die Garantie dafür, dass die Software gemäss der Dokumentation arbeitet. Diese Garantie gilt nicht für die auf andere Formate abgeänderte Schriftarten-Software. Bei der Geltendmachung von Grantieansprüchen sind Sie dazu verpflichtet, die Software zusammen mit einer Kopie Ihres Kassenzettels innerhalb dieser neunzig (90) Tage an die Stelle zurückzuschicken, bei der Sie die Software erworben haben.
5.2.  Wenn die Software nicht im wesentlichen gemäss der Dokumentation arbeitet, beschränkt sich die gesamte und ausschliessliche Haftung von Adobe und seinen Lieferanten nach Wahl von Adobe auf den Austausch der Software oder auf die Rückerstattung der Lizenzgebühr, die Sie für die Software bezahlt haben, und Ihre Ansprüche sind entsprechend beschränkt. Weitere Garantien werden keine übernommen. Für weitere Informationen in Bezug auf die Garantie wenden Sie sich bitte an Adobe's Customer Support Department.
5.3.  Ihre Rechte, welche sich aus allfälligen zwingenden Gesetzesvorschriften zum Schutze des Konsumenten ergeben, werden durch die Bestimmungen dieses Vertrags nicht berührt.

6. Anwendbares Recht und allgemeine Bestimmungen. 
6.1.  Sollte irgendein Teil dieses Vertrags unwirksam oder undurchführbar sein, wird dadurch die Wirksamkeit der übrigen Bestimmungen dieses Vertrags nicht berührt, die weiterhin ihre Gültigkeit und Durchführbarkeit behalten. 
6.2.  Sie verpflichten sich, dass die Software nicht in ein Land verschifft, befördert oder ausgeführt oder in irgendeiner Weise genutzt wird, die dem United States Export Administration Act oder irgendwelchen anderen Exportgesetzen, -bestimmungen oder -verordnungen unterstehen. 
6.3.  Adobe kann diesen Vertrag fristlos kündigen, wenn Sie die darin enthaltenen Bestimmungen nicht erfüllen. Änderungen dieses Vertrags bedürfen der Schriftform und müssen durch einen dazu bevollmächtigten Vertreter von Adobe unterzeichnet werden.
6.4.  Auf diesen Vertrag findet ausschliesslich schweizerisches Recht Anwendung. Das UN-Übereinkommen über Verträge über den Internationalen Warenkauf und das Einheitliche Gesetz über den Abschluss von internationalen Kaufverträgen über bewegliche Sachen sind davon ausdrücklich ausgeschlossen.
6.5.  Dies ist der gesamte Vertrag zwischen Ihnen und Adobe bezüglich der Software und der Dokumentation und er ersetzt alle vorigen Präsentationen, Diskussionen, Zusicherungen, Endbenutzer-Lizenzverträge, Mitteilungen oder Werbungen über die Software und die Dokumentation.

7. Hinweis für Endbenutzer der Regierung der Vereinigten Staaten.  Die Software und das Begleitmaterial sind "Commercial Items" (Handelswaren) im Sinne von 48 CFR §2.101, bestehend aus "Commercial Computer Software" (kommerzielle Computer-Software) und "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Begleitmaterial für kommerzielle Computer-Software) im Sinne von 48 CFR §12.212 oder 48 CFR §227.7202, sofern anwendbar. Gemäss 48 CFR §12.212 oder 48 CFR §§ 227.7202-1 bis 227.7202-4, sofern anwendbar, sind die "Commercial Computer Software" und die "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" lizenziert für US-amerikanische Regierungsendbenutzer (i) nur als "Commercial Items" und (ii) mit nur den Rechten, die allen anderen Endbenutzern entspechend der hier genannten Vertragsbedingungen und Konditionen. 

Unveröffentlichte Rechte vorbehalten gemäss den Urheberrechtsgesetzen der Vereinigten Staaten. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A. 

Für weitere Einzelheiten in bezug auf dieses Endbenutzerabkommen steht Ihnen in Zukunft ein Exemplar dieses Abkommens zur Verfügung, nachdem Sie die Software installiert haben. Wenn Sie Fragen in bezug auf den vorliegenden Vertrag haben, oder wenn Sie Informationen von Adobe anfordern möchten, verwenden Sie bitte die Adresseninformation, die diesem Produkt beigefügt ist, um sich mit einer Niederlassung von Adobe in Verbindung zu setzen, oder schreiben Sie an das Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, Telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe ist eine Marke von Adobe Systems Incorporated.  Macintosh ist eine eingetragene Marke von Apple Computer, Inc.  Windows ist eine eingetragene Marke der Microsoft Corporation.


BITTE BESTÄTIGEN SIE IHR EINVERSTÄNDNIS MIT BZW. BRINGEN SIE IHREN VORBEHALT GEGEN DIESEN VERTRAG ZUM AUSDRUCK, INDEM SIE DAS ENTSPRECHENDE FELD UNTEN ANKLICKEN. WENN SIE DIESEN VERTRAG ABLEHEN, WIRD DIE INSTALLATION ABGEBROCHEN. SIE KöNNEN DIE SOFTWARE NUR INSTALLIEREN, WENN SIE DIESEN VERTRAG AKZEPTIEREN.


Swiss F
Valable pour 1 ordinateur 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrat de licence électronique pour utilisateur
Version suisse

VEUILLEZ RETOURNER TOUT FORMULAIRE D'ENREGISTREMENT ACCOMPAGNANT LE PRODUIT AFIN DE BENEFICIER DES AVANTAGES DE L'ENREGISTREMENT

!INSTRUCTION IMPORTANTE A L'ATTENTION DE L'UTILISATEUR!
CECI EST UN CONTRAT ENTRE VOUS-MEME ET ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), SOCIÉTÉ INCORPORÉE EN CONFORMITÉ AVEC LA LEGISLATION DE L'ÉTAT AMERICAIN DE DELAWARE. EN INDIQUANT VOTRE ACCORD CI-DESSOUS, VOUS ACCEPTEZ TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DE CE CONTRAT. Ce Contrat de Licence de l'Utilisateur Final d'Adobe Systems Incorporated accompagne un logiciel informatique Adobe® ("Logiciel") et des documents écrits expliquant l'utilisation du Logiciel ("Documentation"). Par le terme de "Logiciel", on entend également les mises à niveau, versions modifiées, mises à jour, additions et copies du Logiciel dont Adobe vous a accordé la licence. Avant d'indiquer votre acceptation à la fin du texte de ce Contrat, vous devez le lire avec attention. Si vous n'acceptez pas les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat, veuillez le préciser à l'endroit indiqué, vous ne serez alors plus autorisé à utiliser le Logiciel. Dans ce cas, veuillez retourner le Logiciel et tous les autres articles de l'emballage à Adobe ou à la source où vous vous l'êtes procuré. Vous recevrez ensuite en retour l'intégralité du montant que vous avez payé.

Conditions d'octroi de la licence. Le présent Contrat est un contrat de licence, et non un contrat de vente. Adobe demeure propriétaire de la copie du Logiciel contenue dans l'emballage, de son support, et de toute autre copie que le présent Contrat vous autorise à exécuter. Dès que vous acceptez ce Contrat, Adobe vous octroie une licence non-exclusive pour l'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation aux conditions suivantes:

1. Utilisation du Logiciel.
1.1. Vous êtes autorisé à télécharger le Logiciel en mémoire à un seul endroit sur un disque dur ou sur tout autre périphérique de stockage d'ordinateur, sur le nombre maximum d'ordinateurs indiqué dans le coin supérieur gauche ("Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs") du présent Contrat.
1.2. Si le Logiciel est configuré en vue d'une utilisation en réseau, vous pouvez l'installer sur un serveur unique en vue d'une utilisation sur un réseau unique et l'utiliser pour l'un ou l'autre (mais non les deux) des deux buts suivants:
  (a) installation permanente sur un disque dur ou un autre support jusqu'à concurrence du Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs; ou
  (b) utilisation du Logiciel sur un tel réseau, pour autant que le nombre d'ordinateurs sur lesquels le Logiciel est utilisé à des moments variés n'excède pas le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Par exemple, si 100 ordinateurs sont reliés au serveur, avec jamais plus de 15 ordinateurs utilisant simultanément le Logiciel, alors que le Logiciel est utilisé sur 25 ordinateurs différents à des moments variés, le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs pour lequel vous avez besoin d'une licence sera de 25.
1.3. Vous êtes autorisé à afficher, modifier, reproduire et distribuer toute photographie, tout clip art ou tout autre ouvrage artistique, en totalité ou en partie, qui figure dans le Logiciel (sauf indication contraire dûment mentionnée), à condition que ces photographies, clip arts ou ouvrages artistiques ne soient pas distribués séparément. Ces photographies, ces clip arts et ces ouvrages artistiques ne peuvent pas être utilisés pour produire des matériaux obscènes, pornographiques ou lubriques.
1.4. Vous êtes autorisé à faire une copie de sauvegarde du Logiciel, à condition que cette copie ne soit pas installée ou utilisée sur quelqu'ordinateur que ce soit.

1.5. UTILISATION CHEZ SOI.  L'utilisateur principal de chaque ordinateur sur lequel le Logiciel est installé ou utilisé est autorisé à également installer le Logiciel sur un ordinateur secondaire, domestique ou portable. Cependant, le Logiciel ne doit pas être utilisé par un tiers sur l'ordinateur secondaire, s'il est déjà utilisé simultanément sur l'ordinateur principal.

1.6. LOGICIEL DE POLICES DE CARACTÈRES. Si le Logiciel comprend un logiciel de polices de caractères: 
(a) Vous êtes autorisé à utiliser les logiciels de polices de caractères selon les modalités décrites ci-dessus sur le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs et à exploiter ces logiciels sur tout périphérique de sortie relié à ces ordinateurs.
(b) Lorsque le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs est égal ou inférieur à cinq, vous êtes autorisé à télécharger les logiciels de polices de caractères sur la mémoire (disque dur ou RAM) d'un périphérique de sortie relié à au moins un des ordinateurs en question, de manière à ce que ces logiciels restent internes au périphérique de sortie. Le téléchargement des logiciels de polices de caractères sur un périphérique de sortie supplémentaire est autorisé pour tout multiple de cinq représenté par le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs.
(c) Vous êtes en outre autorisé à mettre à la disposition d'un imprimeur ou de tout prestataire de services une copie du ou des logiciel(s) de polices de caractères que vous avez utilisée(s) pour un fichier particulier et ce prestataire de services est autorisé à utiliser cette ou ces police(s) afin de traiter votre fichier, pour autant que ce prestataire de services vous ait informé qu'une licence valable pour l'utilisation des logiciels de polices de caractères concernés lui a été octroyée ou qu'il en a acquis une.
(d) Vous êtes autorisé à convertir les logiciels de polices de caractères dans un autre format et de les installer, afin de les utiliser dans d'autres systèmes, aux conditions énoncées ci-dessous. Toute installation d'un logiciel converti sera considérée comme valant une unité sur votre Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Vous déclarez de plus accepter que l'utilisation des logiciels que vous avez convertis soit soumise aux dispositions du présent Contrat, que ces logiciels ne soient utilisés que pour votre besoin propre, habituel, interne, commercial ou personnel, et que, sous réserve des exceptions mentionnées au point 3 ci-dessous, l'utilisation de ceux-ci ne soit pas exploitée ou cedée pour quelque but que ce soit.

2. Droits d'auteur.
2.1.  Le Logiciel est la propriété intellectuelle d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs et est protégé en matière de propriété intellectuelle. La structure, l'organisation et le code du Logiciel renferment en outre des secrets commerciaux de valeur et des données confidentielles d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs.
2.2.  Vous êtes tenu de traiter le Logiciel comme n'importe quel autre support protégé en matière de propriété intellectuelle, tel qu'un livre par exemple. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à copier le Logiciel ou la Documentation, à moins que cela ne soit autorisé dans la disposition relative à l'utilisation du Logiciel. Toute copie que vous êtes autorisé à faire conformément aux dispositions du présent Contrat doit être pourvue des mêmes indications en matière de droits d'auteur et autres droits de propriété intellectuelle que celles apparaissant sur le Logiciel original.
2.3.  A l'exception des logiciels de polices de caractères, qui selon la disposition relative à l'utilisation du Logiciel peuvent être convertis ou modifiés, vous vous engagez à ne pas modifier, adapter ou traduire le Logiciel. Vous vous engagez en outre à ne pas décrypter, décompiler, désassembler ou tenter d'une quelconque autre manière que ce soit de découvrir le code de base du Logiciel.
2.4.  Les marques (marques de produits) ne doivent, conformément à la pratique reconnue en matière de marques, être utilisées qu'en vue de l'identification du titulaire de la marque. Des marques ne peuvent être utilisées que pour la distinction du matériel produit et imprimé au moyen du Logiciel. L'utilisation d'une marque autorisée par le présent Contrat ne vous confère aucun droit de propriété sur cette marque.
2.5.  A l'exception de ce qui est stipulé ci-dessus, ce Contrat ne vous donne pas le moindre droit d'utilisation en relation avec les droits de propriété intellectuelle rattachés au Logiciel. Dans la mesure où en vertu de l'article 21 de la Loi fédérale sur le droit d'auteur et les droits voisins vous êtes autorisé à décrypter le Logiciel, afin d'obtenir les informations nécessaires en vue de rendre celui-ci compatible avec d'autres softwares, vous êtes dans l'obligation de requérir préalablement ces informations auprès d'Adobe. Adobe peut édicter à cet effet des conditions appropriées et exiger le paiement d'un droit approprié. Pour toute question relative à la fourniture d'informations, vous êtes prié de vous adresser au Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, télécopie +44 (0) 131-453-4422.

3. Cession de Logiciel sous licence.
3.1.  Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à louer, donner en leasing ou prêter le Logiciel ou la Documentation, ou encore accorder une sous-licence.
3.2.  Vous êtes en revanche autorisé à céder tous vos droits à la jouissance du Logiciel et de la Documentation à une personne physique ou morale à condition que : (i) vous lui transfériez le présent Contrat, le Logiciel, y compris toutes les copies, mises à jour et versions antérieures, ainsi que toutes les copies du logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats, et la Documentation, et (ii) que vous ne gardiez aucune copie, et notamment aucune copie en mémoire dans l'ordinateur et (iii) que la personne physique ou morale bénéficiant de ce transfert accepte d'être liée par les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat.

4. Logiciel d'Environnement Multiple / Logiciel de Langage Multiple / Logiciel sur Double Support / Exemplaires Multiples / Mises à Niveau.
4.1.  Si cet emballage contient deux ou plusieurs versions du Logiciel adaptées à l'environnement de l'utilisateur (Macintosh et Windows® par exemple), deux ou plusieurs versions du Logiciel traduites en des langues différentes, le même Logiciel sur deux supports différents (disquette et CD-ROM par exemple) ou si vous recevez de telles versions du fait de l'achat du Logiciel contenu dans l'emballage, et/ou si vous recevez d'une autre manière deux ou plusieurs versions du Logiciel, le nombre total d'ordinateurs sur lesquels l'ensemble des versions du Logiciel doivent être utilisées ne doit pas dépasser le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs.
4.2.  Conformément aux dispositions du présent Contrat, vous pouvez faire une copie de sauvegarde de chaque version du Logiciel que vous utilisez. Les versions ou copies non-utilisées du Logiciel et le Logiciel se trouvant sur des supports non-utilisés ne peuvent pas être loués, donnés en leasing, prêtés ou cédés et il ne peut être accordé de sous-licence, sauf si cela intervient dans le cadre de la cession permanente décrite plus haut de l'ensemble du Logiciel et de la Documentation.
4.3.  En cas d'acquisition d'un "upgrade" ou d'une mise à jour du Logiciel, vous êtes autorisé, en vue du passage à la nouvelle version, à utiliser la version précédente pendant nonante (90) jours à compter de l'acquisition de la nouvelle version; à l'expiration de ce délai, vous n'aurez plus de licence vous autorisant à utiliser la version précédente. 

5. Responsabilité limitée.
5.1.  Pendant une durée de nonante (90) jours suivant la remise du Logiciel, Adobe garantit à votre égard que le Logiciel fonctionne conformément à la Documentation. Cette garantie ne s'applique pas au logicel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats. En cas d'exercice de la garantie, vous êtes tenu de retourner le Logiciel avec une copie de votre ticket de caisse au cours de cette période de nonante (90) jours à la source où vous vous êtes procuré le Logiciel.
5.2.  Si le Logiciel ne fonctionne essentiellement pas conformément à la Documentation, la responsabilité unique et exclusive d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs se limite, au choix d'Adobe, à l'échange du Logiciel où à la restitution du droit de licence que vous avez payé pour le Logiciel et vos prétentions sont limitées en conséquence. Il ne sera assumé aucune autre garantie. Pour toute information complémentaire au sujet de la garantie, vous êtes prié de vous adresser au Customer Support Department d'Adobe.
5.3. Les droits découlant en votre faveur de dispositions impératives de la loi visant à la protection des consommateurs ne sont pas affectés par les dispositions du présent Contrat.

6. Droit applicable et dispositions générales.
6.1.   Au cas où une partie ou clause du présent Contrat devait être inéfficace ou impossible à exécuter, l'efficacité des autres dispositions du présent Contrat ne s'en trouverait pas affectée et celles-ci resteraient valables et exécutables.
6.2.   Vous vous engagez à ce que le Logiciel ne soit pas transporté, expédié ou exporté dans un quelconque pays et ne soit pas utilisé d'une manière prohibée par la loi américaine sur le contrôle des exportations (United States Export Administration Act) ou par toute autre loi, disposition ou ordonnance en matière d'exportation.
6.3.  Adobe peut résilier le présent Contrat sans délai en cas de violation de votre part des dispositions de celui-ci. Toute modification au présent Contrat necessite la forme écrite et doit être avalisée par la signature d'un représentant d'Adobe désigné à cet effet.
6.4.  Le présent Contrat est exclusivement soumis au droit suisse. La Convention des Nations-Unies sur les contrats de vente internationale de marchandises et la Loi uniforme sur la conclusion de contrats de ventes internationaux portant sur des choses mobilières sont expréssement exclues.
6.5.  Le présent Contrat constitue le contrat de licence entre Adobe et vous-même, relatif à l'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation. Il annule et remplace tous pourparlers, engagements, déclarations, contrats de licence pour utilisateur final, communications et publicités préalables, concernant le Logiciel et la Documentation. 

7. Note pour les utilisateurs du Gouvernement des États-Unis. Le Logiciel et la Documentation sont des "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") qui sont conformes à la définition de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 2.101, et se composent de "Logiciel informatique commercial" ("Commecial Computer Software") et de "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial"("Commercial Computer Software Documentation"), qui sont conformes aux définitions de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 227.7202, suivant le cas. En conformité avec 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphes 227.7202-1 à 227.7202-4, suivant le cas, le "Logiciel informatique commercial" et la "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial" sont licenciés à des utilisateurs employés par le gouvernement américain, premièrement, uniquement en tant qu' "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") et, deuxièmement, uniquement avec les droits qui sont accordés à tous les autres utilisateurs en conformité avec les termes et conditions du présent Contrat.

Droits sur travaux non publiés réservés en vertu de la législation des États-Unis d'Amérique sur les droits d'auteur. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Pour références, une copie de ce Contrat de Licence de l'Utilisateur Final est accessible après que vous ayez installé le Logiciel. Pour toutes questions concernant le présent Contrat ou pour tous renseignements que vous souhaitez obtenir d'Adobe, veuillez utiliser l'adresse jointe à ce produit afin de contacter une filiale Adobe ou écrire à: Customer Support Department (service clientèle), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, télécopie +44 (0) 131-453-4422.

Adobe et une marque d'Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh est une marque enregistrée d'Apple Computer Inc. Windows est une marque enregistrée de Adobe Systems Incorporated.


VEUILLEZ INDIQUER VOTRE ACCEPTATION OU VOTRE REFUS D'ACCEPTATION DU CONTRAT SUSDIT, EN CLIQUANT SUR LE BOUTON APPROPRIE SITUE CI-DESSOUS. SI VOUS REFUSEZ CE CONTRAT, L'INSTALLATION DU LOGICIEL NE SERA PAS POSSIBLE. POUR INSTALLER LE LOGICIAL, IL VOUS FAUT ACCEPTER TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DU CONTRAT SUSDIT.



Sweden
För 1 Dator

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektroniskt Licensavtal för Slutanvändare
Svensk Version

VAR VÄNLIG ÅTERSÄND BIFOGADE REGISTRERINGSBLANKETT FÖR ATT ERHÅLLA FÖRDELARNA AV REGISTRERINGEN!

TILL ANVÄNDAREN: DETTA ÄR ETT AVTAL MELLAN ER OCH ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), ETT BOLAG SOM ÅTERREGISTRERATS I ENLIGHET MED LAGARNA I DELSTATEN DELAWARE I USA. GENOM ATT MARKERA NEDAN ATT NI ACCEPTERAR AVTALET, BLIR NI BUNDEN AV SAMMA VILLKOR OCH BESTÄMMELSER I DETTA AVTAL.  Detta licensavtal för slutanvändare från Adobe Systems Incorporated medföljer en Adobe®-programvaruprodukt ("Programvaran") och det skriftliga informationsmaterial som hör till den ("Dokumentationen"). Termen "Programvara" inbegriper även uppgraderingar, modifierade versioner, uppdateringar, tillägg och kopior av Programvaran som Adobe har gett Er licens till. Ni skall läsa igenom detta avtal noggrant, innan accepterande av dess villkor sker nedan. Om Ni inte accepterar villkoren och bestämmelserna i detta avtal, avböjer Ni enligt instruktionerna, vilket innebär att Ni inte kommer att kunna använda denna Programvara. Ni bör därefter returnera denna Programvara, tillsammans med allt emballage, till Adobe eller till det ställe på vilket Ni erhöll det. 

Detta är ett licensavtal och inte ett köpeavtal. Adobe fortsätter att äga kopian av Programvaran i denna förpackning och alla kopior som Ni har rätt att göra enligt detta avtal. Adobe medger Er genom detta avtal en icke exklusiv rätt att använda Programvaran och Dokumentationen, förutsatt att Ni accepterar följande:

1. Användning av Programvaran. 
1.1. Ni får installera Programvaran i en enhet, på en hårddisk eller annan lagringsenhet, i det antal datorer som är angivet ovan i vänstra hörnet ("Tillåtet Antal Datorer").
1.2. Förutsatt att Programvaran är konfigurerad för användning i nätverk, får Ni installera och använda Programvaran på en enskild filserver för användning i ett lokalt nätverk i ett av (men inte båda) följande syften:
(a) Permanent installation på hårddisk eller annan lagringsenhet till Tillåtet Antal Datorer; eller
(b) Användning av Programvaran på sådant nätverk, under förutsättning att antalet datorer som Programvaran används på inte överstiger Tillåtet Antal Datorer. Till exempel, om 100 datorer är anslutna till servern och Programvaran inte används på mer än femton (15) datorer samtidigt, men kommer att användas på tjugofem (25) olika datorer vid olika tidpunkter, så är Tillåtet Antal Datorer som Ni behöver en licens för 25.
1.3. Ni får visa, ändra, kopiera och distribuera de foton, den clipart eller de andra konstnärliga alster som ingår i Programvaran (om det inte särskilt framgår att detta inte är tillåtet), i sin helhet eller i delar, förutsatt att sådana foton, sådan clipart eller sådana konstnärliga alster inte distribueras på fristående basis. Sådana foton, sådan clipart och sådana konstnärliga alster som avbildar en mänsklig modell får inte användas för framställning av oanständigt, obscent eller pornografiskt material.
1.4. Ni får göra en säkerhetskopia av Programvaran, förutsatt att reservkopian inte installeras eller används på någon dator.

1.5. ANVÄNDNING I HEMMET.  Huvudanvändaren av varje dator i vilken Programvaran installerats eller används får också installera Programvaran i en hemdator eller en bärbar dator. Programvaran får dock inte användas på den underordnade datorn av annan person samtidigt som Programvaran används på huvuddatorn. 

1.6. FONT-PROGRAMVARA.  Om Programvaran innehåller font-programvara, får Ni - 
(a) Använda font-programvara i enlighet med vad som beskrivits ovan på Tillåtet Antal Datorer och använda sådan programvara på utenheter anslutna till sådana datorer. 
(b) Om Tillåtet Antal Datorer är fem eller färre, ladda ner font programvara till minnet (hårddisk eller RAM) till en utenhet ansluten till åtminstone en sådan dator, i syfte att sådan font programvara skall kvarbli i utenheten, och till en ytterligare sådan utenhet per varje multipel av fem av Tillåtet Antal Datorer. 
(c) Kopiera teckensnitt som Ni har använt för en viss fil till en kommersiell skrivare eller annan serviceinrättning. Sådan serviceinrättning kan använda teckensnitt för att processa Er fil förutsatt att serviceinrättningen har informerat Er att den har köpt eller beviljats licens för teckensnittet i fråga. 
(d) Omvandla och installera font programvara till annat format för användande i andra operativsystem, förutsatt att: dator i vilken det omvandlade font programvara är installerat eller används är en av Era Tillåtet Antal Datorer. Ni accepterar att användandet av font programvara som Ni omvandlat skall ske i enlighet med villkoren i detta avtal, och att sådan font programvara kan användas enbart för Er normala interna verksamhet eller för privat användning och att sådan font programvara inte får distribueras eller överföras, oavsett syfte, med undantag av vad som stadgas i punkten 3 nedan. 

2. Upphovsrätt.  Programvaran ägs av Adobe och dess leverantörer och skyddas av amerikansk och svensk upphovsrättslagstiftning, internationella konventioner och annan tillämplig nationell lag i det land Programvaran används. Programvarans struktur, uppbyggnad och kod är företagshemligheter och konfidentiell information som tillhör Adobe och dess leverantörer. Ni måste därför behandla Programvaran på samma sätt som annat upphovsrättsligt skyddat material, t.ex. en bok. Ni äger inte rätt att kopiera Programvaran eller Dokumentationen, annat än i enlighet med vad som anges under rubriken "Användning av Programvaran". Alla kopior som Ni äger rätt att göra enligt det här avtalet måste innehålla samma information om upphovsrätt och äganderätt som finns på eller i Programvaran. Med undantag för font programvara, konverterad till andra format eller modifierad i enlighet med vad som anges under rubriken "Användning av Programvaran", har Ni inte rätt att modifiera, anpassa eller översätta Programvaran. Ni äger inte heller rätt att dekompilera, demontera eller på annat sätt försöka framta eller analysera Programvarans källkod. Varumärken skall användas i överensstämmelse med vedertagen varumärkespraxis, inklusive angivande av ägare av varumärke. Varumärken får bara användas i syfte att identifiera utskrifter framtagna med Programvaran. Sådan användning av varumärke innebär ingen över- eller upplåtelse till Er av rätt till varumärket. Med undantag av vad som angivits ovan ger detta avtal Er inga rättigheter till Programvaran. 

I den mån svensk rätt ger Er rätt att dekompilera Programvaran för att erhålla nödvändig information i syfte att uppnå samverkansförmåga med annan programvara, skall Ni först be Adobe tillhandahålla sådan information. Adobe förbehåller sig rätten att ställa villkor, såsom exempelvis att ta ut en skälig avgift. Förfrågan om information kan riktas till Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Ltd, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Skottland EH11 4DU, Storbritannien, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

3. Överlåtelse.  Ni får inte hyra ut, leasa ut, underlicensiera eller låna ut Programvaran eller Dokumentationen. Ni äger däremot rätt att överlåta alla Era rättigheter att använda Programvaran och Dokumentationen till annan fysisk eller juridisk person förutsatt (i) att Ni överlåter detta avtal, Programvaran inklusive alla kopior, uppdateringar och tidigare versioner och alla kopior av teckensnittsprogramvara konverterad till andra format och Dokumentationen, till sådan fysisk eller juridisk person, (ii) att Ni inte behåller någon kopia, inklusive kopior lagrade i dator, samt (iii) att mottagaren underkastar sig bestämmelserna i detta avtal.

4. Programvara för flera operativsystem / Programvara för flera språk / Programvara på två medier / Flera exemplar / Uppgraderingar.     Om detta paket innehåller, eller om i samband med förvärvet av den Programvara som ingår i detta paket, två eller flera versioner av operativsystem (t.ex. Macintosh och Windows®), två eller flera språköversättningsversioner av Programvaran, samma Programvara på två eller flera medier (t.ex. diskett och CD-ROM) och eller Ni på annat sätt erhåller två eller fler exemplar av Programvaran, får det totala antalet datorer som Programvaran används på inte överstiga Tillåtet Antal Datorer. Ni får göra en säkerhetskopia, i överensstämmelse med villkoren i detta avtal, för varje version av Programvaran som Ni använder. Ni får inte hyra ut, leasa ut, underlicensiera, låna ut eller överlåta versioner eller kopior av den Programvara som Ni inte använder eller Programvara på något oanvänt media, annat än som del av en permanent överlåtelse av hela Programvaran och all Dokumentation på sätt som beskrivits ovan.

Om Ni erhåller en uppgradering eller en uppdatering av Programvaran får Ni använda föregående version under en tid av nittio (90) dagar efter att Ni har erhållit den nya versionen, för att underlätta övergången till nya versionen. Efter nämnda tid har Ni inte längre en licens att använda den föregående versionen.

5. Begränsat ansvar.  Adobe garanterar att Programvaran i allt väsentligt fungerar enligt Dokumentationen under en period av nittio (90) dagar från dagen för mottagandet av Programvaran. Denna garanti gäller inte för font programvara som är konverterad till andra format. För att göra ett anspråk under ansvarsåtagande, måste Ni inom nämnda nittio (90) dagarsperiod återlämna Programvaran där Ni köpte den tillsammans med en kopia av Ert kvitto. Om Programvaran inte i allt väsentligt fungerar enligt Dokumentationen är Adobe och dess leverantörers ansvar, efter Adobes val, begränsat till utbyte av Programvaran eller återbetalning av den licensavgift Ni utgett för Programvaran. 

ADOBE OCH DESS LEVERANTÖRER GARANTERAR INTE OCH KAN INTE GARANTERA DEN PRESTANDA ELLER DE RESULTAT SOM NI KAN ERHÅLLA GENOM ANVÄNDNING AV PROGRAMVARAN ELLER DOKUMENTATIONEN. DET FÖRUTNÄMNDA ÄR EN UTTÖMMANDE REDOGÖRELSE FÖR ERA RÄTTIGHETER VID ADOBES ELLER DESS LEVERANTÖRERS BROTT MOT DETTA ANSVARSÅTAGANDE. ADOBE OCH DESS LEVERANTÖRER LÄMNAR UTÖVER DET FÖRUTNÄMNDA BEGRÄNSADE ANSVARSÅTAGANDET INGA YTTERLIGARE ANSVARSÅTAGANDEN ELLER UTFÄSTELSER, VARKEN UTTRYCKLIGA ELLER UNDERFÖRSTÅDDA, VAD BETRÄFFAR RÄTTIGHETSINTRÅNG, EGENSKAPER, KVALITET ELLER LÄMPLIGHET FÖR VISST ÄNDAMÅL. I INTET FALL ANSVARAR ADOBE ELLER DESS LEVERANTÖRER FÖR DIREKTA ELLER INDIREKTA SKADOR, INKLUSIVE VINST ELLER UTEBLIVEN BESPARING, ÄVEN OM EN REPRESENTANT FÖR ADOBE HAR BLIVIT INFORMERAD OM MÖJLIGHETEN OM SÅDANA SKADOR, ELLER FÖR NÅGOT ANSPRÅK FRÅN TREDJE MAN.

Ingenting i detta avtal skall inskränka parts rättigheter som konsument enligt tvingande svensk lag.

Vissa länder eller jurisdiktioner medger inte begränsning av garantiperiodens längd eller friskrivning från, eller begränsning av, ansvar för skador eller underförstådda garantier eller deras giltighetstid, så ovan nämnda begränsning kanske inte gäller Er. I den mån det medges är alla underförstådda garantier begränsade till nittio (90) dagar. Denna garanti ger Er särskilda legala rättigheter. Ni kan ha andra rättigheter som kan variera från land till land eller från jurisdiktion till jurisdiktion. För ytterligare information om garantin kan Ni kontakta Adobes Customer Support Department.

6. Tillämplig lag och allmänna bestämmelser.  Detta avtal lyder under svensk lag (med undantag av svenska kollisionsregler). Förenta Nationernas konvention den 11 april 1980 angående avtal om internationella köp, "the Uniform Law on the Formation of Agreements for the International Sale of Goods", "the Uniform Law on the International Sale of Goods", eller någon lag, stadga eller förordning från någon jurisdiktion baserad på någon av dessa är inte tillämpliga på detta avtal. Tillämpning av någon av de föregående är härmed uttryckligen utesluten. Om någon del av detta avtal befinns vara ogiltig eller inte verkställbar skall detta inte påverka giltigheten av avtalet i övrigt. Ni samtycker till att Programvaran inte kommer att fraktas, överföras, bli exporterad eller bli använd på ett sätt som är förbjudet enligt the "United States Export Administration Act" eller andra exportlagar, restriktioner eller förordningar. Detta avtal upphör automatiskt att gälla om Ni bryter mot något av dess villkor. Ändring av avtalet skall ske skriftligen och undertecknas av behörig företrädare för Adobe.

Detta är avtalet i helhet mellan Adobe och dig angående Programvaran och Dokumentationen. Det står över tidigare överenskommelser, diskussioner, åtaganden, slutanvändaravtal, kommunikation eller annonsering med anknytning till Programvaran och Dokumentationen.

7. Meddelande till slutanvändare inom amerikansk förvaltning.  Programvaran och Dokumentationen utgör "Commercial Items" (Kommersiella Enheter), så som denna term definieras i den amerikanska lagen 48 C.F.R. §2.101, bestående av "Commercial Computer Software" (Kommersiell Dataprogramvara) och "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Kommersiell Dataprogramvaradokumentation), så som dessa termer definieras i 48 C.F.R. §12.212 eller 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, allt efter vad som är tillämpligt. I enlighet med 48 C.F.R. §12.212 eller 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 t.o.m. 227.7202-4, allt efter vad som är tillämpligt, licensieras den "Commercial Computer Software" och "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" till slutanvändare inom amerikansk förvaltning (1) enbart som "Commercial Items" och (2) endast med de rättigheter som gäller för alla andra slutanvändare i enlighet med villkoren i detta avtal.

Opublicerade rättigheter under amerikansk upphovsrättslag förbehålles Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

För Er framtida referens kommer en kopia av avtalet vara tillgängligt efter att Ni installerar Programvaran. Om Ni har några frågor avseende detta avtal eller om Ni önskar information från Adobe, var vänlig använd den bifogade adressinformationen och kontakta Adobes lokala representant i Ert land eller skriv till Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Skottland EH11 4DU, Storbritannien, Telefax: +44-(0) 131-453-4422.

Adobe är ett varumärke som tillhör Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh är ett registrerat varumärke som tillhör Apple Computer, Inc. Windows är ett registrerat varumärke som tillhör Microsoft Corporation.


VAR VÄNLIG ANGE NEDAN OM NI ACCEPTERAR, ELLER AVSTÅR FRÅN, ATT INGÅ AVTALET, GENOM ATT KLICKA PÅ LÄMPLIG KNAPP NEDAN. OM NI AVSTÅR FRÅN ATT INGÅ AVTALET, KOMMER INSTALLATIONSPROGRAMMET ATT STÄNGAS. FÖR ATT INSTALLERA PROGRAMVARAN MÅSTE NI ACCEPTERA DETTA AVTAL.



S. Africa
For 1 Computer

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Electronic End User Licence Agreement
Republic of South Africa

PLEASE RETURN ANY ACCOMPANYING REGISTRATION FORM TO RECEIVE REGISTRATION BENEFITS.

NOTICE TO USER: THIS IS A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), A COMPANY INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, U.S.A. BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE BELOW, YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. This Adobe Systems Incorporated End User Licence Agreement accompanies an Adobe® software product ("Software") and related explanatory materials ("Documentation"). The term "Software" shall also include any upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions and copies of the Software licensed to you by Adobe. You must read this Agreement carefully before indicating your acceptance at the end of the text of this Agreement.  If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, decline where instructed, and you will not be able to use the Software. You should then return this Software, together with all the packaging, to Adobe or the location where you obtained it.

This is a licence agreement and not an agreement for sale. Adobe continues to own the copy of the Software and the physical media contained in this package and any other copy that you are authorised to make pursuant to this Agreement.  Adobe grants to you a non-exclusive licence to use the Software and Documentation, provided that you agree to the following:

1. Use of the Software.  
1.1. You may install the Software in a single location on a hard disk or other storage device of up to the number of computers indicated in the upper left hand corner ("Permitted Number of Computers") of this Agreement.
1.2. Provided the Software is configured for network use, you may install and use the Software on a single file server for use on a single local area network for either (but not both) of the following purposes:
  (a) permanent installation onto a hard disk or other storage device of up to the Permitted Number of Computers; or
  (b) use of the Software over such network, provided the number of different computers on which the Software is used does not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. For example, if there are 100 computers connected to the server, with no more than 15 computers ever using the Software at the same time, but the Software will be used on 25 different computers at various times, the Permitted Number of Computers for which you need a licence is 25.
1.3. You may display, modify, reproduce and distribute any photographs,clip art or other artistic works, in whole or in part, that are included with the Software (unless a specific notice indicates to the contrary), provided such photographs, clip art or artistic works are not distributed on a stand-alone basis.  Such photographs, clip art and artistic works may not be used in the production of lewd, obscene or pornographic material.
1.4. You may make one backup copy or such number of copies allowed for in law, of the Software, provided your backup copy is not installed or used on any computer. 

1.5. HOME USE. The primary user of each computer on which the Software is installed or used may also install the Software on one home or portable computer. However, the Software may not be used on the secondary computer by another person at the same time the Software on the primary computer is being used.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE. If the Software includes font software, you may-- 
(a) Use the font software as described above on the Permitted Number of Computers and output such font software on any output devices connected to such computers. 
(b) If the Permitted Number of Computers is five or fewer, download the font software to the memory (hard disk or RAM) of one output device connected to at least one of such computers for the purpose of having such font software remain resident in the output device, and of one additional such output device for every multiple of five represented by the Permitted Number of Computers.
(c) Take a copy of the font(s) you have used for a particular file to a commercial printer or other service bureau, and such service bureau may use the font(s) to process your file, provided such service bureau has informed you that it has purchased or been granted a licence to use that particular font software.
(d) Convert and install the font software into another format for use in other environments, subject to the following conditions: A computer on which the converted font software is used or installed shall be considered as one of your Permitted Number of Computers. You agree that use of the font software you have converted shall be pursuant to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, that such font software may be used only for your own customary internal business or personal use and that such font software may not be distributed or transferred for any purpose, except in accordance with Clause 3 below.

2. Copyright.  The Software is the intellectual property of Adobe and its suppliers and is protected by United States copyright law, international treaty provisions, and applicable laws of the country in which it is being used including the Republic of South Africa. The structure, organisation and code of the Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Adobe and its suppliers. Therefore you must treat the Software just as you would any other copyrighted material, such as a book. You may not copy the Software or the Documentation except as set forth in the "Use of the Software" section. Any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Software. Except for font software converted to other formats as permitted in the "Use of the Software" section, you agree not to modify, adapt or translate the Software.  You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software.  The Software may only be decompiled with the written consent of Adobe,  which consent will be granted or refused in the sole discretion of Adobe.  Consideration will be given to granting such consent if it is essential to do so in order to achieve operability of the Software with another software program and you have first requested Adobe to provide the information necessary to achieve such operability. Adobe has the right to impose reasonable conditions and to request a reasonable fee before providing such information. Any information supplied by Adobe or obtained by you, as permitted hereunder, may not be disclosed to any third party or used to create any software which is substantially similar to the expression of the Software or in any way infringes Adobe's copyright. Requests for information should be directed to the Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, 
telefax +44-(0) 131-453-4422. Trademarks shall be used in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademark owner's name. Trademarks can only be used to identify printed output produced by the Software. Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark. This Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software. 

3. Transfer.  You may not rent, lease, sublicense, or lend the Software or Documentation. You may, however, transfer all your rights to use the Software and Documentation to another person or legal entity provided that (i) you transfer this Agreement, the Software, including all copies, updates and prior versions and all copies of font software converted into other formats, and all Documentation to such person or entity, (ii) you retain no copies, including copies stored on a computer, and (iii) the receiving party agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4. Multiple Environment Software / Multiple Language Software / Dual Media Software / Multiple Copies / Upgrades.  If this package contains, or, if in connection with the acquisition of the Software contained in this package you receive, two or more operating environment versions of the Software (e.g. Macintosh and Windows®), two or more language translation versions of the Software, the same Software on two or more media (e.g., diskettes and a CD-ROM), and/or you otherwise receive two or more copies of the Software, the total aggregate number of computers on which all versions of the Software are used may not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. You may make one back-up copy, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for each version of the Software you use. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, lend or transfer versions or copies of the Software you do not use, or Software contained on any unused media, except as part of the permanent transfer of all Software and Documentation as described above.

If you acquire an upgrade or update for the Software, you may use the previous version for ninety (90) days after you receive the new version in order to assist you in the transition to the new version, after which time you no longer have a licence to use the previous version. 

5. Limited Warranty.  Adobe warrants to you that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation for the ninety (90) day period following your receipt of the Software. This warranty does not apply to font software converted into other formats. To make a warranty claim, you must return the Software to the location where you obtained it along with a copy of your sales receipt within such ninety (90) day period. If the Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation, the entire and exclusive liability of Adobe and its suppliers, and your exclusive remedy shall be limited to either, at Adobe's option, the replacement of the Software or the refund of the licence fee you paid for the Software.

ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR ADOBE'S OR ITS SUPPLIERS' BREACH OF WARRANTY.  EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY, AND FOR ANY WARRANTY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY COMPULSORY LAW IN THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA, ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. WHERE LEGAL LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, BUT IT MAY BE LIMITED, ADOBE'S LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. 

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. 

Adobe is acting on behalf of its suppliers for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding and/or restricting obligations, warranties and liability as provided in this Clause 5, but in no other respects and for no other purpose.

6. Governing Law and General Provisions.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Republic of South Africa whose courts shall have jurisdiction over all disputes relating to this Agreement.

This is the entire agreement between Adobe and you  relating to the Software and the Documentation and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, end user licence agreements, communications or advertising relating to the Software and the Documentation.

If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms. This shall not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorised officer of Adobe.

7. Notice to United States Government End Users: The Software and Documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (i) only as "Commercial Items" and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. 

Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

For your future reference a copy of this End User Licence Agreement will be accessible after you install the Software. If you have any questions regarding this agreement or if you wish to request any information from Adobe, please use the address information enclosed in this product to contact the local Adobe subsidiary serving your country or write to Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.


PLEASE INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OR DECLINE OF THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT BY CLICKING ON THE APPROPRIATE BUTTON BELOW. IF YOU DECLINE THIS AGREEMENT, SETUP WILL CLOSE. TO INSTALL THE SOFTWARE , YOU MUST ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT.



Portugal
Para 1 Computador

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrato de Licença de Utilizador Final
Versão portuguesa

POR FAVOR DEVOLVA QUALQUER DOCUMENTO DE REGISTO JUNTO PARA RECEBER OS BENEFÍCIOS DO REGISTO

AVISO AO UTILIZADOR: ESTE É UM CONTRATO QUE O VINCULA A SI E À ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), UMA EMPRESA JURIDICAMENTE INTEGRADA NO ESTADO DE DELAWARE, U.S.A. AO ESCOLHER A OPÇÃO DE ACEITAÇÃO ADIANTE, ESTÁ A DAR O SEU ACORDO A TODOS OS TERMOS E CONDIÇÕES DESTE CONTRATO. Este Contrato de Licença de Utilizador Final da Adobe Systems Incorporated acompanha um produto de software Adobe ("Software")e materiais explicativos com aquele relacionados ("Documentação"). A expressão "Software" deverá incluir também quaisquer upgrades, versões modificadas, updates, complementos e cópias do Software que lhe é licenciado pela Adobe. Deve lêr este Contrato cuidadosamente antes de escolher a opção de aceitação no fim do texto deste Contrato. Se não concorda com os termos e condições deste Contrato, escolha a opção de rejeição, e não poderá utilizar o Software.  Deve então devolver este Software, junto com toda a embalagem, para a Adobe ou para o lacal onde o adquiriu.

É um contrato de licença de autorização de uso, e não de venda. Adobe continua a ser proprietaria do Software e dos suportes informáticos que se encontram no pacote, e de qualquer cópia dele, também autorizada pelas condições deste contrato. Com a sua aceitação deste Contrato, a Adobe garante-lhe uma licença não-exclusiva de utilizar o Software e a Documentação, desde que aceite o seguinte:

1. Utilização do Software. 
1.1. Pode instalar uma só cópia do Software no disco rígido ou outro dispositivo de armazenamento de até ao número de computadores indicado no canto superior esquerdo ("Número Permitido de Computadores") deste Contrato.
1.2.  Desde que o Software esteja configurado para utilização em rede, pode instalar e usar o Software num único servidor de ficheiros, para uso numa única rede de área local, para um (mas não ambos) dos seguintes propósitos:
  (a) instalação permanente num disco rígido ou outro dispositivo de armazenamento de até ao Número Permitido de Computadores; ou
  (b) utilização do Software nessa rede, desde que o número de diferentes computadores nos quais o Software for usado não exceda o Número Permitido de Computadores. Por exemplo, se existirem 100 computadores ligados ao servidor, com não mais de 15 computadores usando o Software simultaneamente, mas o Software for usado em 25 computadores diferentes em várias ocasiões, o Número Permitido de Computadores para os quais necessita de licença é 25.
1.3. Pode apresentar, modificar, reproduzir e distribuir quaisquer fotografias, clip art ou outros trabalhos artísticos, total ou parcialmente, que estejam incluídos no Software (excepto no caso em que um aviso específico determine o contrário), desde que tais fotografias, clip art ou trabalhos artísticos não sejam distribuídos de forma autónoma. Essas fotografias, clip art e trabalhos artísticos não podem ser usados na produção de produtos lúbricos, obscenos ou pornográficos.
1.4. Pode fazer uma cópia de segurança (back-up) do Software, desde que a sua cópia de segurança não seja usada ou instalada noutro computador.

1.5. UTILIZAÇÃO DOMÉSTICA.  O principal utilizador de cada computador no qual o Software está instalado ou é utilizado pode também instalar o Software num computador doméstico ou portátil. Contudo, o Software não pode ser utilizado no computador secundário por outra pessoa ao mesmo tempo em que o Software está a ser utilizado no computador principal.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE. (Software de tipo de letra)  Se o Software inclui font software, pode--
(a) Utilizar o font software tal como descrito acima no Número Permitido de Computadores e fornecer esse font software em qualquer dispositivo de saída ligado a esses computadores.
(b) Se o Número Permitido de Computadores é de cinco ou inferior, carregar o font software na memória (disco rígido ou RAM) de um dos dispositivos de saída ligados a, pelo menos, um desses computadores, com o propósito de ter esse font software residente em permanência no dispositivo de saída, e num dispositivo de saída adicional,  por cada múltiplo de cinco representado pelo Número Permitido de Computadores.
(c) Levar uma cópia da(s) font(s) que usou num determinado ficheiro para uma impressora comercial, ou outro serviço de escritório, e esse serviço de escritório pode utilizar a(s) font(s) para processar o seu ficheiro, desde que esse serviço o tenha informado de que adquiriu ou lhe foi garantida uma licença de utilização daquele font software em particular .
(d) Converter e instalar o font software noutro formato para utilização noutros ambientes, sujeito às seguintes condições: o Computador no qual o font software convertido é usado ou foi instalado deverá ser considerado como um do seu Número Permitido de Computadores. Dá o seu acordo em como o uso do font software que tenha convertido prosseguirá todos os termos e condições deste Contrato, que esse font software pode ser usado apenas para a sua actividade profissional interna normal ou uso pessoal e que esse font software não pode ser distribuído ou transferido, em nenhum caso, excepto de acordo com o Parágrafo 3 abaixo.

2. Copyright.  O Software constitui propriedade intelectual da Adobe e dos seus fornecedores e é protegido pela lei de copyright dos Estados Unidos da América, determinações de tratados internacionais e legislação aplicável no país em que for usado. A estrutura, organização e código do Software constituem valiosos segredos comerciais e informação confidencial da Adobe e dos seus fornecedores. Assim, deve tratar o Software tal como trataria qualquer outro material protegido pelo copyright, tal como um livro. Não pode copiar o Software ou a Documentação excepto como descrito na secção "Utilização do Software". Quaisquer cópias que lhe é permitido fazer nos termos deste Contrato devem conter o mesmo copyright e outros avisos sobre propriedade que aparecem no Software. Excepto para o software font convertido noutros formatos tal como permitido na secção "Utilização do Software", dá o seu acordo em não modificar, adaptar ou traduzir o Software. Dá o seu acordo também em não proceder ao "reverse engineer", descompilar, desmontar ou de outro modo tentar descobrir o código font do Software. As marcas comerciais deverão ser usadas de acordo com a prática aceite, incluindo identificação do nome do proprietário da marca. As marcas comerciais só podem ser usadas para identificar documentos impressos produzidos pelo Software. Tal uso de qualquer marca comercial não lhe confere quaisquer direitos de propriedade em relação áquela marca. Excepto nos termos referidos acima, este Contrato não lhe garante quaisquer direitos de propriedade intelectual em relação ao Software.

Na medida em que a legislação local lhe garanta o direito de descompilar o Software, por forma a obter a informação necessária, a fim de tornar o Software interoperável com outro software, deverá primeiro solicitar à Adobe que lhe forneça a informação necessária. A Adobe tem o direito de impor condições razoáveis, tal como um pagamento razoável para o fazer. Os pedidos de informação podem ser dirigidos ao Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax + 44 (0) 131-453-4422.

3. Transferência.  Não pode alugar, fazer leasing, sublicenciar, ou emprestar o Software ou a Documentação. Pode, contudo, transferir todos os seus direitos a utilizar o Software e Documentação para outra pessoa singular ou colectiva desde que (i) transfira este Contrato, o Software, incluindo todas as cópias, updates e versões anteriores e todas as cópias do software font convertido noutros formatos, e toda a Documentação para essa pessoa singular ou colectiva desde que (ii) não retenha qualquer cópia, incluindo cópias armazenadas num computador, e que (iii) o destinatário aceite os termos e condições deste Contrato.

4. Software de Ambiente Múltiplo / Software de Linguagem Múltipla / Software de Duplo Formato / Cópias Múltiplas / Upgrades.  Se este pacote contem, ou, se em conexão com a aquisição do Software contido neste pacote recebeu, duas ou mais versões de ambiente operativo do Software (e.g. Macintosh e Windows®) , duas ou mais versões de tradução de linguagem do Software, o mesmo Software em dois ou mais formatos (e.g. disquetes e um CD-ROM), e/ou de outro modo receba duas ou mais cópias do Software, o número total agregado de computadores nos quais todas as versões do Software são usadas não pode exceder o Número Permitido de Computadores. Pode fazer uma cópia de segurança, de acordo com os termos deste Contrato, para cada versão do Software que utilizar. Não pode alugar, fazer leasing, sublicenciar, emprestar ou transferir versões ou cópias do Software que não utilizar, ou Software contido em qualquer meio não utilizado, excepto como parte de uma transferência permanente de todo o Software e Documentação como descrito acima.

Se adquiriu uma actualização ou uma nova versão do Software, pode usar a versão prévia até noventa (90) dias depois de ter recebido a nova versão de modo a assisti-lo na transição para a nova versão, sendo que ao findar este prazo já não disporá de uma licença para usar essa versão prévia. 

5. Garantia Limitada.  A Adobe garante que o Software desempenhará as suas funções substancialmente de acordo com a Documentação por um período de noventa (90) dias a contar da data da recepção do Software. Esta garantia não se aplica ao font software convertido noutros formatos. Para fazer uma reclamação ao abrigo da garantia, deve devolver o Software ao local onde o obteve acompanhado de uma cópia da factura durante um período de noventa (90) dias. Se o Software não desempenhar as suas funções substancialmente de acordo com a Documentação, a responsabilidade total e exclusiva da Adobe e dos seus fornecedores e o seu direito exclusivo estarão limitados, segundo opção da Adobe, à substituição do Software ou à devolução da quantia em dinheiro que pagou para obter a licença de utilização do Software.

A ADOBE E OS SEUS FORNECEDORES NÃO GARANTEM NEM PODEM GARANTIR A PERFORMANCE OU OS RESULTADOS QUE PODE OBTER AO USAR O SOFTWARE OU A DOCUMENTAÇÃO. O QUE SE SEGUE CONSTITUEM AS ÚNICAS E EXCLUSIVAS CONSEQUÊNCIAS PARA A ADOBE E OS SEUS FORNECEDORES QUANTO À QUEBRA DA GARANTIA.  EXCEPTO QUANTO À GARANTIA LIMITADA QUE SE SEGUE, A ADOBE E OS SEUS FORNECEDORES NÃO PRESTAM GARANTIAS OU CONDIÇÕES, EXPRESSAS OU IMPLÍCITAS,TAIS COMO NÃO-INFRACÇÃO DE DIREITOS DE TERCEIROS, UTILIDADE, QUALIDADE SATISFATÓRIA OU ADEQUAÇÃO A QUALQUER FIM PARTICULAR. EM CASO ALGUM SERÃO A ADOBE OU OS SEUS FORNECEDORES RESPONSÁVEIS PERANTE SI POR QUAISQUER DANOS DIRECTOS OU INDIRECTOS, CONSEQUENTES, ACIDENTAIS OU ESPECIAIS, INCLUINDO LUCROS CESSANTES OU PERDA DE GANHOS, MESMO QUE UM REPRESENTANTE DA ADOBE TENHA SIDO AVISADO DA POSSIBILIDADE DE TAIS DANOS, OU POR QUALQUER QUEIXA PROVINDA DE TERCEIROS. 

Nada do que está contido neste Contrato prejudicará os direitos conferidos por lei a qualquer parte agindo como consumidor.

Alguns Estados ou jurisdições não permitem a exclusão ou limitação dos danos especiais, acidentais ou consequentes, ou a exclusão de garantias implícitas ou limitações quanto ao prazo de uma garantia implícita, pelo que as limitações acima descritas podem não se aplicar a si. Dentro do máximo permitido, qualquer garantia implícita está limitada a noventa (90) dias. Esta garantia concede-lhe direitos específicos protegidos por lei. Pode ter outros direitos que variam de Estado para Estado ou de jurisdição a jurisdição. Para ulterior informação relativa a garantias, contacte, por favor, o Adobe's Customer Support Department (Departamento de Clientes).

6. Lei aplicável e regras gerais.  Este Contrato será regulado pela legislação portuguesa (excluindo a aplicação das normas de conflitos). O Tribunal competente para dirimir os litígios emergentes deste Contrato de Licença é o tribunal da comarca de Lisboa, com renúncia expressa a qualquer outro. Este Contrato não será regulado pela Convenção das Nações Unidas sobre os Contratos de Compra e Venda Internacional de Mercadorias, as Regras Uniformes relativas à Formação de Contratos para a Venda Internacional de Mercadorias, ou as Regras Uniformes relativas à Venda Internacional de Mercadorias, ou qualquer lei, norma ou regulamento de qualquer jurisdição baseada em qualquer uma das citadas, e a sua aplicação é expressamente excluída. Se qualquer parte deste Contrato se revelar nula e sem nenhum efeito, tal não afectará a validade do resto do Contrato que pemanecerá válido e executável de acordo com os seus termos. Dá o seu acordo em como o Software não será enviado, transferido ou exportado para qualquer país ou usado de modo proibido pelo United States Export Administration Act (lei de exportação dos Estados Unidos da América) ou quaisquer outras leis de exportação, restrições ou regulamentos. Este Contrato cessará automaticamente pelo incumprimento das suas regras em consequência da sua conduta. Este Contrato só pode ser modificado através de um documento escrito assinado por um funcionário da Adobe devidamente autorizado.

Este é o contrato final entre Adobe e V.Exª no que diz respeito a o Software e à Documentação, e prevalece sobre qualquer acordo, pacto, compromisso, comunicação, publicidade ou licença de utilização anterior.

7. Aviso aos utilizadores do Governo dos Estados Unidos da América.  O Software e a Documentação são "Commercial Items" (Artigos Comerciais), tal como o termo é definido no 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consistindo num "Commercial Computer Software" (Programa de Computador Comercial) e numa "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Documentação de Programa de Computador Comercial), tal como os termos são usados no 48 C.F.R. §12.212 ou no 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, quando aplicáveis. De acordo com o 48 C.F.R. §12.212 ou no 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 até §227.7202-4, quando aplicáveis, o "Commercial Computer Software" (Programa de Computador Comercial) e a "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Documentação de Programa de Computador Comercial), são relativos a licenças de utilizador final do Governo dos U.S.A. (i) apenas como "Commercial Items" (Artigos Comerciais) e (ii) com apenas os mesmos direitos que são garantidos a todos os outros utilizadores finais que decorrem dos termos e condições aqui contidos.
Direitos não-publicados reservados nos termos das leis de copyright dos Estados Unidos da América. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Para sua referência futura, ficará acedível uma cópia deste Contrato de Licença de Utilizador Final após a instalação do Software. Se tem qualquer questão relativa a este contrato ou se deseja solicitar qualquer informação da Adobe, utilize, por favor, a informação de endereços incluída neste produto para contactar a subsidiária local da Adobe que serve o seu país ou escreva para Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0) 131-453-4422.

Adobe é uma marca comercial da Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh é uma marca comercial registada da Apple Computer, Inc. Windows é uma marca comercial registada da Microsoft Corporation.


POR FAVOR ESCOLHA A OPÇÃO DE ACEITAÇÃO OU REJEIÇÃO DO PRESENTE CONTRATO PREMINDO O BOTÃO APROPRIADO ABAIXO. SE REJEITAR ESTE CONTRATO, O PROGRAMA DE INSTALAÇÃO TERMINARÁ. PARA INSTALAR O SOFTWARE TERÁ QUE ACEITAR ESTE CONTRATO.



Norway
For 1 Datamaskin 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektronisk lisensavtale for sluttbrukere
Norsk versjon

VENNLIGST RETURNER VEDLAGTE REGISTRERINGSBLANKETT FOR Å MOTTA FORDELENE AV REGISTRERINGEN.

TIL BRUKEREN: DETTE ER EN AVTALE MELLOM DEM OG ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), ET SELSKAP SOM FØLGER GJELDENDE LOVER I DELAWARE, USA. VED TILKJENNEGIVELSE AV DERES AKSEPT NEDENFOR, AKSEPTERER DE ALLE BESTEMMELSER OG VILKÅR I DENNE AVTALEN. Denne Avtalen er vedlagt Adobe® programvare ("Programvaren") og tilhørende forklarende materiale ("Dokumentasjon"). Begrepet "Programvare", innbefatter dessuten oppgraderinger, modifiserte versjoner, oppdateringer, tillegg og kopier av Programvaren som Adobe har gitt Dem lisens på.  Denne Avtale må leses nøye før De angir at De aksepterer den i slutten av denne Avtale. Hvis De ikke aksepterer bestemmelsene og vilkårene i denne avtalen, avslår De der det angis, og vil ikke kunne bruke Programvaren. I så fall skal de returnere denne programvaren, inklusive all emballasje, til Adobe eller til stedet de kjøpte programvaren fra.

Dette er en lisensavtale og ikke en salgsavtale. Adobe eier fremdeles kopien av Programvaren i denne pakken, og eventuelle andre kopier som De er autorisert til å lage i henhold til denne Avtalen.  Adobe gir Dem ved denne Avtalen en ikke-eksklusiv rett til å bruke Programvaren og Dokumentasjonen forutsatt at De aksepterer følgende:

1. Bruk av programvaren.  
1.1. De kan installere Programvaren på et enkelt sted på en harddisk eller en annen lagringsenhet, på maksimalt det antall datamaskiner som er angitt i denne avtale øverst i høyre hjørne ("Tillatt Antall Datamaskiner").   
1.2. Forutsatt at Programvaren er konfigurert for bruk i nettverk, kan De Programvaren installeres og brukes på én enkelt vertsmaskin for bruk i et lokalt nettverk for ett (men ikke begge) av følgende formål:
  (a) permanent installasjon på harddisk eller annen lagerenhet på maksimalt Tillatt antall datamaskiner; eller
  (b) bruke av Programvaren på slikt nettverk, forutsatt at det antall datamaskiner som Programvaren anvendes på, ikke overstiger Tillatt antall datamaskiner. Hvis f.eks. 100 datamaskiner er tilsluttet vertsmaskinen og Programvaren ikke anvendes på mer enn 15 datamaskiner samtidig, men vil bli brukt på 25 forskjellige datamaskiner på forskjellige tidspunkter, vil Tillatt antall datamaskiner som De trenger lisens for, være 25.
1.3. De kan vise, endre, reprodusere og distribuere bilder, figurer eller annen kunst som følger med Programvaren, helt eller delvis (med mindre det uttrykkelig er angitt noe annet), hvis ikke slike bilder, figurer eller annen kunst distribueres uavhengig. Slike bilder, figurer og slik kunst må ikke misbrukes til å lage uanstendig eller pornografisk materiale.
1.4. De kan lage én sikkerhetskopi av Programvaren, forutsatt at sikkerhetskopien ikke installeres eller brukes på en annen datamaskin.

1.5. HJEMMEBRUK. Den primære bruker av hver datamaskin som Programvaren er installert eller brukt på, kan også installere Programvaren på en hjemmedatamaskin eller en bærbar datamaskin. Programvaren kan imidlertid ikke brukes på annen datamaskin av en annen person, samtidig som Programvaren brukes på den primære datamaskinen.

1.6. FONT-PROGRAMVARE. Hvis Programvaren inkluderer font-programvare, kan De: 
(a) Bruke font-programvare som beskrevet ovenfor på Tillatt antall datamaskiner og bruke slik font-programvare på enhver utenhet som er tilknyttet slike datamaskiner.
(b) Hvis Tillatt antall datamaskiner er fem eller færre, lastes font-programvaren i minnet (harddisk eller RAM) på en utenhet som er tilkoblet minst én av disse datamaskinene, med den hensikt at font-programvaren forblir i utenheten, og på en ekstra tilsvarende utenhet for hver femte Tillatt antall datamaskiner.
(c) Ta en kopi av font-programvaren(e) som De har bruk for, til en spesiell fil til en kommersiell skriver eller annet servicebyrå, og slikt servicebyrå kan anvende programvaren(e) til å behandle Deres fil, forutsatt at et slikt servicebyrå har informert Dem om at dette har kjøpt eller gitt lisens til å benytte den spesielle font-programvaren.
(d) Konvertere og installere font-programvare til et annet format for bruk i andre sammenhenger, dog på følgende vilkår: En datamaskin som den konverterte font-programvaren er brukt eller installert på, skal betraktes som en av Deres Tillatt antall datamaskiner. De aksepterer at bruk av font-programvaren som De har konvertert, skal følge alle betingelser og vilkår i denne Avtalen og at slik font-programvare kun kan brukes for Deres egen generelle forretningsvirksomhet eller personlig bruk, og at slik font-programvare ikke kan distribueres eller overføres for noe formål, unntatt i overensstemmelse med punkt 3 nedenfor.

2. Opphavsrett. Programvarens åndelige eiendomsrett tilhører Adobe og dennes leverandører og er beskyttet av åndsverkslovgivning i USA, internasjonale konvensjoner, samt gjeldende lover i de land hvor Programvaren brukes. Programvarens struktur, oppbygning og kode er verdifulle forretningshemmeligheter og konfidensiell informasjon som tilhører Adobe og dennes leverandører. De må derfor behandle Programvaren på samme måte som annet opphavsrettslig beskyttet materiale, som f.eks. en bok. De må ikke kopiere Programvaren eller Dokumentasjonen med unntak av det som beskrives i avsnittet "Bruk av Programvaren". Alle kopier som De har rett til å lage i henhold til denne Avtalen, må inneholde tilsvarende informasjon om opphavsrett og åndelig eiendomsrett som finnes på eller i Programvaren. Med unntak av font-programvare, som er konvertert til andre formater som er tillatt i avsnittet "Bruk av Programvaren", har De ikke anledning til å modifisere, tilpasse eller oversette Programvaren. De har heller ikke rett til å endre mekanikken, dekompilere, demontere, eller på annen måte forsøke å avsløre kildekoden i Programvaren.  Varemerker skal anvendes i samsvar med godkjent varemerkepraksis, også når det gjelder identifikasjon av navnet til varemerkets eier. Varemerker kan bare anvendes for å identifisere utskrift produsert av Programvaren. Slik anvendelse av varemerke innebærer ingen eiendomsrett til dette varemerket. Med unntakelse av ovennevnte, gir denne Avtalen Dem ingen eiendomsrett til Programvaren.

I den grad norsk lov gir Dem rett til å dekompilere Programvaren for å få den nødvendige informasjon for at Programvaren kan operere sammen med annen programvare, skal De først be Adobe om å gi Dem nødvendig informasjon. Adobe forbeholder seg retten til å sette rimelige vilkår, som f.eks. å ta et rimelig gebyr for denne informasjon. Anmodninger om informasjon kan rettes til Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Ltd., Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax nr.: + 44 (0) 131 453 4422.

3. Overdragelse.  De kan ikke leie, lease, lisensiere videre eller låne ut Programvaren eller Dokumentasjonen. De kan imidlertid overdra alle Deres rettigheter til bruk av Programvaren og Dokumentasjonen til en annen person eller juridisk enhet forutsatt (i) at De overdrar denne Avtalen, Programvaren inklusive alle kopier, oppdateringer og tidligere versjoner og alle kopier av font-programvare konvertert til andre formater og Dokumentasjonen til denne personen eller juridiske enheten, (ii) at De ikke beholder noen kopier, heller ikke kopier lagret på en datamaskin, og (iii) at mottakeren aksepterer å overholde bestemmelsene og vilkårene i denne Avtalen.

4. Programvare for flere operativsystem / programvare for flere språk / programvare på to ulike media / flere kopier / oppgraderinger. Hvis denne pakke inneholder, eller hvis De i forbindelse med ervervelse av Programvaren som følger denne pakken, mottar to eller flere versjoner av operativsystemer (f.eks. Macintosh og Windows®), to eller flere språkversjoner av Programvaren, den samme Programvaren og to eller flere media (diskett og CD-ROM), og/eller på annen måte mottar to eller flere kopier av Programvaren, må det totale antall datamaskiner som Programvaren brukes på, ikke overstige Tillatt antall datamaskiner. De kan lagre en sikkerhetskopi i overensstemmelse med vilkårene i denne Avtalen, for hver versjon av Programvaren som De anvender. De må ikke leie ut, lease, låne eller overdra versjoner eller kopier av Programvaren som De ikke anvender eller Programvaren på noe ubenyttet medium, unntatt som en del av en permanent overdragelse av Programvaren og Dokumentasjonen som beskrevet ovenfor.

Hvis De erverver en oppgradert eller oppdatert Programvare, kan De bruke den tidligere versjonen i opptil nitti (90) dager etter at De har mottatt den nye versjonen, med det formål å hjelpe Dem med overgangen til den nye versjonen. Etter dette tidspunkt har De ikke lenger lisens til å bruke den tidligere versjonen. 

5. Begrenset garanti.  Adobe garanterer at Programvaren i alt vesentlig fungerer i henhold til Dokumentasjonen i en periode av nitti (90) dager etter Deres mottakelse av Programvaren. Denne garantien gjelder ikke fontprogramvare som er konvertert til andre formater. For å gjøre garantikrav gjeldende, må De returnere Programvaren innen nevnte nitti (90) dager til  forhandleren som De mottok denne fra, sammen med kvitteringen. Hvis Programvaren i alt vesentlig ikke fungerer i overensstemmelse med Dokumentasjonen, vil det eneste ansvar og oppretting være begrenset til, etter Adobes valg, enten utskifting av Programvaren eller refusjon av hele lisensbeløpet De har betalt for Programvaren.

ADOBE OG DENNES LEVERANDØRER GARANTERER IKKE OG KAN IKKE GARANTERE FOR DE PRESTASJONER ELLER RESULTATER SOM DE KAN OPPNÅ VED Å BRUKE PROGRAMVAREN ELLER DOKUMENTASJONEN. OVENNEVNTE ER EN UTTØMMENDE REGULERING AV DERES RETTIGHETER VED ADOBES ELLER DENNES LEVERANDØRERS BRUDD PÅ GARANTIEN. MED UNNTAK AV OVENNEVNTE BEGRENSEDE GARANTI, GIR ADOBE ELLER DENNES LEVERANDØRER INGEN GARANTI, HVERKEN DIREKTE ELLER INDIREKTE MED HENSYN TIL IKKE-KRENKELSE AV TREDJEPARTS RETTIGHETER, SALGBARHET, TILFREDSSTILLENDE KVALITET ELLER SKIKKETHET TIL SPESIELLE FORMÅL. UNDER INGEN OMSTENDIGHETER ER ADOBE ELLER DENNES LEVERANDØRER ANSVARLIG OVERFOR DEM FOR NOEN FØLGESKADE, INDIREKTE SKADE ELLER SPESIELLE SKADER, HERUNDER TAPT FORTJENESTE ELLER TAPT KOSTNADSBESPARING, HELLER IKKE DERSOM EN REPRESENTANT FOR ADOBE ER BLITT INFORMERT OM MULIGHETEN OM EN SLIK SKADE, ELLER FOR NOE KRAV FRA TREDJEPART.

Ingenting i denne Avtalen skal begrense partens rettigheter som forbruker i henhold til norsk lov.

Noen land og jurisdiksjoner tillater ikke unntak, begrensning eller fraskrivelse av tilfeldige følge- eller spesielle skader, eller underforståtte garantier eller begrensninger for hvor lenge en underforstått garanti kan gjelde, slik at ovennevnte begrensninger/fraskrivelser ikke kan gjelde for Dem. I den grad det er mulig er alle underforståtte garantier begrenset til nitti (90) dager. Denne garanti gir Dem særskilte juridiske rettigheter. De kan ha andre rettigheter som kan variere fra land til land eller fra jurisdiksjon til jurisdiksjon. For ytterligere informasjon om garantien, kan De kontakte Adobe Customer Support Department.

6. Gjeldende rett og generelle bestemmelser. Denne Avtalen er underlagt gjeldende rett i Norge (unntatt anvendelse av landets tvistemålsregler). Forente Nasjoners konvensjon av 11. april 1980 vedrørende avtaler om internasjonale kjøp, "the Uniform Law under the Formation of Agreements for the International Sale of Goods", "the Uniform Law on the International Sale of Goods", eller noen lov, forskrift eller bestemmelse i noen jurisdiksjon basert på noen av disse regler, gjelder ikke for denne Avtalen. Anvendelse av de nevnte bestemmelser er uttrykkelig ekskludert. Dersom noen del av denne Avtalen er ugyldig og ikke kan håndheves, skal dette ikke påvirke gyldigheten av Avtalen for øvrig. De samtykker i at Programvaren ikke vil bli sendt, overført eller eksportert til noe land eller anvendes på en måte som er i strid med "United States Export Administration Act" eller andre eksportlover, restriksjoner eller forordninger. Denne Avtalen opphører uten videre å gjelde dersom De bryter noen av avtalens vilkår. Denne Avtalen kan bare endres gjennom skriftlig overenskomst signert av en autorisert person fra Adobe. 

Dette er hele avtalen mellom Adobe og Dem som angår Programvare og Dokumentasjon. Denne Avtalen erstatter tidligere avtaler, informasjon, sluttbrukeravtaler, kommunikasjon eller reklame som er relatert til Programvaren og Dokumentasjonen.

7. Meddelelse til sluttbrukere for amerikansk forvaltning.  Programvaren og Dokumentasjonen er "Commercial Items" (kommersielle artikler), slik dette begrepet er definert i 48 C.F.R §2.101, og består av "Commercial Computer Software" (kommersiell dataprogramvare) og "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (kommersiell dokumentasjon for dataprogramvare), slik disse begrepene er benyttet i 48 C.F.R, §12.212 eller 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, der de får anvendelse. I samsvar med 48 C.F.R. §12.212 eller 48 C.F.R. §§277.7202-1 til 227.7202-4, der de får anvendelse, er "Commercial Computer Software" og "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" lisensiert til sluttbrukere i den amerikanske administrasjon (i) bare som "Commercial Items" og (ii) bare med de rettigheter som gjelder alle sluttbrukere i henhold til disse betingelsene.
Upubliserte rettigheter under amerikansk opphavsrettslov forbeholdes. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

For fremtidig bruk er en kopi av denne Lisensavtale for sluttbruker tilgjengelig etter at De har installert Programvaren. Dersom De har spørsmål vedrørende denne Avtalen eller dersom De ønsker informasjon fra Adobe, vennligst benytt vedlagte adresseinformasjon og kontakt Adobes lokale representant i Deres land eller skriv til Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44 (0) 131 453 4422.

Adobe er et varemerke som tilhører Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh er et registrert varemerke som tilhører Apple Computer, Inc. Windows er et registrert varemerke som tilhører Microsoft Corporation.


VENNLIGST ANGI OM DE AKSEPTERER ELLER AVSLÅR OVENSTÅENDE AVTALE VED Å MERKE AV PÅ ØNSKET STED NEDENFOR. HVIS DE IKKE AKSEPTERER BESTEMMELSENE OG VILKÅRENE I DENNE AVTALEN, VIL DE IKKE KUNNE BRUKE PROGRAMVAREN.


Netherlands
Voor 1 Computer

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektronische Licentie-overeenkomst met eindgebruikers
Nederlandse versie

INDIEN U DE VOORDELEN VAN REGISTRATIE WILT GENIETEN, DIENT U ALLE BIJGAANDE REGISTRATIEFORMULIEREN OP TE STUREN.

KENNISGEVING AAN DE GEBRUIKER: DIT IS EEN OVEREENKOMST TUSSEN U EN ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED (HIERNA TE NOEMEN "ADOBE"), EEN VENNOOTSCHAP VOLGENS HET RECHT VAN DE STAAT DELAWARE, VERENIGDE STATEN VAN AMERIKA. DOOR ONDERSTAAND UW ACCEPTATIE AAN TE GEVEN, AANVAARDT U ALLE VOORWAARDEN EN BEPALINGEN VAN DEZE OVEREENKOMST. Deze Adobe Systems Incorporated Licentie-overeenkomst met Eindgebruikers behoort bij een Adobe® software-produkt ("Software") en het bijbehorende geschreven materiaal ter uitleg ("Documentatie"). De term "Software" omvat tevens alle verbeterde en gewijzigde versies, updates, aanvullingen en kopieën van de Software waarop u door Adobe een licentie wordt verleend. U moet deze Overeenkomst zorgvuldig lezen voordat u uw acceptatie onderstaand aangeeft. Indien u het niet eens bent met de voorwaarden en bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst, dient u op de aangegeven plaats uw weigering kenbaar te maken, en zult u niet in staat zijn de software te gebruiken. U dient dan de software inclusief verpakking te retourneren aan Adobe of uw leverancier.

Dit is een licentie-overeenkomst, geen verkoopcontract. De Software in dit pakket en enig andere kopie die u in navolging van deze Overeenkomst gemachtigd bent te maken blijven eigendom van Adobe.  Adobe verleent u een niet-exclusieve licentie om de Software en de Documentatie te gebruiken, op voorwaarde dat u instemt met het volgende:

1. Gebruik van de Software.  
1.1. U mag de Software installeren op één enkele locatie op de harde schijf of ander opslagmedium op het aantal computers dat in de linkerbovenhoek van deze Overeenkomst is aangegeven (het "Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers").
1.2. Mits de Software geconfigureerd is voor netwerkgebruik, mag u de Software installeren en gebruiken op één enkele file server voor gebruik op een enkel local area netwerk voor één (maar niet beide) van de volgende doeleinden:
  (a) permanente installatie op de harde schijf of ander opslagmedium van ten hoogste het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers; of
  (b) gebruik van de Software op zo'n netwerk, met dien verstande dat het aantal verschillende computers waarop de Software gebruikt wordt het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers niet overschrijdt. Bijvoorbeeld, indien er 100 computers aan de server zijn gekoppeld, waarvan nooit meer dan 15 computers tegelijkertijd gebruik maken van de Software, maar waarvan op verschillende tijdstippen 25 computers gebruik maken van de Software, is het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers waarvoor u een licentie nodig heeft 25.
1.3. U mag foto's, clip-art of andere artistieke werken die bij de Software zijn geleverd, gedeeltelijk of geheel afbeelden, bewerken, reproduceren en verspreiden (tenzij een apart bericht of notitie het tegendeel aangeeft) op voorwaarde dat dergelijke foto's, clip-art of artistieke werken niet als afzonderlijke producten worden verspreid. Dergelijke afbeeldingen, clip-art en artistieke werken mogen niet worden gebruik bij de productie van onzedelijk, obsceen of pornografisch materiaal.
1.4. U mag één kopie van de Software maken voor als backup, mits uw backup-exemplaar niet wordt geïnstalleerd of gebruikt op enige computer.

1.5. THUISGEBRUIK. De primaire gebruiker van iedere computer waarop de Software is geïnstalleerd of wordt gebruikt, mag de Software tevens op één home computer of portable computer installeren. De Software mag echter niet door een andere persoon op de tweede computer worden gebruikt, terwijl op hetzelfde moment de Software op de primaire computer wordt gebruikt.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE. Indien de Software font software omvat, is het navolgende u toegestaan:
(a) U mag de font software op het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers gebruiken zoals hierboven is omschreven en deze font software uitvoeren op iedere gewenste aan die computers gekoppelde output device.
(b) Indien het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers vijf of minder is, mag u de font software downloaden in het geheugen (harde schijf of RAM) van één output device die aan ten minste één van die computers is gekoppeld, teneinde die font software permanent op de output device geladen te hebben, en voorts in het geheugen van één extra output device voor ieder veelvoud van vijf dat door het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers is toegestaan.
(c) U mag een kopie van de font(s) die u heeft gebruikt voor een specifiek document meenemen naar een commerciële drukker of een ander servicebureau, mits dit servicebureau aan u kenbaar heeft gemaakt dat het in het bezit is van een licentie voor gebruik van die specifieke font software.
(d) U mag de font software converteren naar en installeren in een ander formaat voor gebruik in andere omgevingen, een en ander onder de volgende voorwaarden: Een computer waarop de geconverteerde font software wordt gebruikt of geïnstalleerd, wordt beschouwd als een van uw Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers. U stemt ermee in dat gebruik van de font software die u heeft geconverteerd, onderworpen is aan de bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst, dat die font software gebruikt mag worden voor uw eigen gewone interne bedrijfsvoering of persoonlijk gebruik, en dat zij voor geen enkel doel mag worden gedistribueerd of overgedragen, behalve in overeenstemming met Artikel 3 van deze Overeenkomst.

2. Auteursrecht.  De Software is intellectueel eigendom van Adobe en haar leveranciers en is beschermd onder andere op grond van de Nederlandse Auteurswet, de auteurswetten van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika, internationale verdragsbepalingen, en de toepasselijke wetten van het land waarin de Software wordt gebruikt. De structuur, organisatie en code van de Software behoren tot de kostbare handelsgeheimen en zijn vertrouwelijke informatie van Adobe en haar leveranciers. U dient de Software op dezelfde manier te behandelen als enig ander materiaal waarop auteursrecht rust, zoals een boek. Het is u niet toegestaan de Software of de Documentatie te kopiëren, behalve voor zover bepaald onder Artikel 1 "Gebruik van de Software". Alle kopieën die u krachtens deze Overeenkomst gerechtigd bent te maken dienen dezelfde kennisgevingen met betrekking tot het auteursrecht en andere eigendomsrechten te bevatten als zijn aangebracht op of in de Software. Behoudens voor font software die naar een ander formaat is geconverteerd in overeenstemming met het bepaalde onder "Gebruik van de Software", verbindt u zich ertoe de Software niet te zullen veranderen, aan te passen of te vertalen. Voorts zult u de Software niet aan reverse engineering onderwerpen, decompileren, disassembleren of op enige andere wijze trachten de broncode van de Software te ontdekken. Handelsmerken dienen te worden gebruikt volgens de algemeen aanvaarde handelsmerkenpraktijk, inclusief vermelding van de naam van de eigenaar van het handelsmerk. Handelsmerken mogen uitsluitend worden gebruikt ter identificatie van gedrukt materiaal dat met behulp van de Software is geproduceerd. Dergelijk gebruik van een handelsmerk geeft u geen (intellectuele) eigendomsrechten ten aanzien van het betrokken handelsmerk. Behalve in voornoemde gevallen verschaft deze Overeenkomst u geen enkele aanspraak op enige intellectuele eigendomsrechten inzake de Software.

Voor zover rechtsregels van dwingend recht u toestaan de Software te decompileren voor het verkrijgen van informatie die vereist is om interoperabiliteit met andere software te bewerkstelligen, dient u eerst Adobe te verzoeken om u de noodzakelijk informatie te verstrekken. Adobe is gerechtigd hieraan redelijke voorwaarden te verbinden, bijvoorbeeld een redelijke vergoeding. Verzoeken om informatie kunnen worden gericht aan: Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Schotland EH11 4DU, Verenigd Koninkrijk, telefax: 00-44-131-453-4422.

3. Overdracht.  Het is u niet toegestaan de Software of de Documentatie te verhuren, in lease te geven, uit te lenen of vergunning voor gebruik te verlenen aan derden. U bent daarentegen wel bevoegd al uw rechten op het gebruik van de Software en de Documentatie aan een derde (rechts-) persoon over te dragen, op voorwaarde (i) dat u daarbij ook overgaat tot overdracht van deze Overeenkomst, de Software, inclusief alle kopieën, updates, eerdere versies en alle exemplaren van font software die naar een ander formaat zijn geconverteerd, en de Documentatie, aan de (rechts-) persoon in kwestie, (ii) dat u geen kopieën achterhoudt, met inbegrip van kopieën die op een computer zijn opgeslagen en (iii) dat de ontvangende partij akkoord gaat met de voorwaarden en bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst. 

4. Software voor meer dan één omgeving / Software in meer dan één taal / Software op meer dan één medium / Meerdere exemplaren / Upgrades.  Indien dit pakket versies van de Software voor meer dan één omgeving (bijvoorbeeld Macintosh en Windows®), twee of meer taalversies van de Software, of Software op twee of meer media (bijvoorbeeld diskettes en CD-ROM)bevat, of indien u die ontvangt in verband met de aanschaf van de Software, en/of indien u anderszins twee of meer exemplaren van de Software ontvangt, mag het totaal aantal computers waarop alle versies van de of Software worden gebruikt het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers niet overschrijden. U mag één kopie maken als backup, in overeenstemming met de bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst, voor iedere versie van de Software die u gebruikt. Het is u niet toegestaan versies of exemplaren van de Software die u niet gebruikt of Software op ongebruikte media te verhuren, in lease te geven, uit te lenen, over te dragen of vergunning voor gebruik te verlenen aan derden, behalve als onderdeel van de permanente overdracht van alle Software en Documentatie zoals hierboven beschreven.

Indien u een upgrade of update voor Software afneemt, mag u voor een periode van negentig (90) dagen na ontvangst van de nieuwe versie de voorgaande versie nog gebruiken, zodat u in staat gesteld wordt over te gaan op de nieuwe versie. Na afloop van deze periode bent u niet langer gerechtigd tot gebruik van de voorgaande versie. 

5. Beperkte garantie.  Adobe garandeert voor een periode van 90 dagen vanaf het moment van ontvangst van de Software dat de Software in hoofdzaak in overeenstemming met de Documentatie zal functioneren. Deze garantie geldt niet voor font software die naar een ander formaat is geconverteerd. Om aanspraak te kunnen maken op de garantie, dient u de Software, vergezeld van een kopie van de aankoopkwitantie, binnen deze negentig (90) dagen terug te brengen of te sturen naar de plaats waar u de Software heeft aangeschaft. Indien de Software niet in hoofdzaak volgens de Documentatie functioneert, blijft de gehele en exclusieve aansprakelijkheid van Adobe en haar leveranciers, alsmede uw enige recht op vergoeding, beperkt tot hetzij vervanging van de Software, hetzij restitutie van de licentievergoeding die u voor de Software heeft betaald, naar keuze van Adobe. ADOBE EN HAAR LEVERANCIERS GEVEN GEEN EN KUNNEN GEEN GARANTIES VERLENEN MET BETREKKING TOT DE PRESTATIES OF DE RESULTATEN DIE U DOOR HET GEBRUIK VAN DE SOFTWARE OF DE DOCUMENTATIE KUNT BEREIKEN. HET VOORMELDE VORMT DE ENIGE EN UITSLUITENDE VERHAALSMOGELIJKHEID WAAROP U OP BASIS VAN DE BEPERKTE GARANTIE JEGENS ADOBE OF HAAR TOELEVERANCIERS AANSPRAAK KUNT MAKEN IN VERBAND MET ENIGERLEI SCHENDING VAN GARANTIES. BEHOUDENS DE VOORGAANDE BEPERKTE GARANTIE VERLENEN ADOBE EN HAAR LEVERANCIERS NOCH UITDRUKKELIJKE, NOCH IMPLICIETE GARANTIES MET BETREKKING TOT NIET-SCHENDING VAN RECHTEN VAN DERDEN, VERHANDELBAARHEID OF GESCHIKTHEID VOOR ENIG SPECIFIEK DOEL. ADOBE EN HAAR TOELEVERANCIERS ZIJN IN GEEN GEVAL AANSPRAKELIJK VOOR GEVOLGSCHADE OF ENIGE VORM VAN INCIDENTELE OF BIJZONDERE SCHADE, INCLUSIEF GEDERFDE WINST OF BESPARINGEN, ZELFS WANNEER EEN VERTEGENWOORDIGER VAN ADOBE IN KENNIS IS GESTELD VAN HET FEIT DAT DERGELIJKE SCHADE MOGELIJK ZOU KUNNEN OPTREDEN, EN EVENMIN VOOR VORDERINGEN VAN DERDEN.

De voorafgaande aansprakelijkheidsbeperkingen gelden niet in geval van schade veroorzaakt door opzet of grove schuld van Adobe en/of haar toeleveranciers of in geval van productaansprakelijkheid, en doen geen afbreuk aan rechten die een consument als partij bij deze Overeenkomst kan ontlenen aan eventueel toepasselijke bepalingen van dwingend recht.

6. Toepasselijk recht en algemene bepalingen.  Deze Overeenkomst wordt beheerst door Nederlands recht, met uitzondering van de Nederlandse wetgeving ten aanzien van rechtsconflicten. De toepasselijkheid van Artikel 6:254 van het Nederlandse Burgerlijk Wetboek wordt uitdrukkelijk uitgesloten. De toepasselijkheid van: het Weens Koopverdrag 1980 (CISG), het Verdrag houdende een Eenvormige Wet inzake de Totstandkoming van Internationale Koopovereenkomsten betreffende Roerende Lichamelijke Zaken, het Verdrag houdende een Eenvormige Wet inzake de Internationale Koop van Roerende Lichamelijke Zaken, en alle op basis van deze verdragen opgestelde (eenvormige) wetgeving wordt uitdrukkelijk uitgesloten. 

Indien enig deel van deze Overeenkomst nietig of niet uitvoerbaar mocht blijken, laat dit de geldigheid van de overige bepalingen van de Overeenkomst onverlet, deze overige bepalingen zullen als voorheen geldig en uitvoerbaar blijven. U verbindt zich ertoe de Software niet te vervoeren, over te brengen te exporteren naar landen, of te gebruiken op manieren die zijn verboden op grond van de Export Administration Act (wet op de exportadministratie) van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika of enige andere exportwetten, -beperkingen of -regels. Deze Overeenkomst kan alleen schriftelijk worden gewijzigd door middel van een verklaring getekend door een persoon, die daartoe door Adobe is gevolmachtigd.

Dit is de gehele Overeenkomst tussen Adobe en u, aangaande de Software en Documentatie. Deze Overeenkomst vervangt alle vorige representaties, discussies, garanties, licentie-overeenkomsten met eindgebruikers, communicaties of reclame met betrekking tot de Software en Documentatie.

7. Kennisgeving aan de overheid van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika als eindgebruiker.  De Software en Documentatie zijn "Commercial Items" (commerciële artikelen),  zoals gedefinieerd in 48 C.F.R. §2.101, en omvat "Commercial Computer Software" (commerciële computersoftware) en "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (documentatie bij commerciële computersoftware) zoals gedefinieerd in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 of 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, voor zover van toepassing. In navolging van 48 C.F.R. §12.212 of 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 t/m 227.7202-4, voor zover van toepassing, wordt het gebruik van "Commercial Computer Software" en "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" in licentie gegeven aan de overheid van de V.S. als eindgebruiker (i) uitsluitend als "Commercial Items" en (ii) met geen andere dan de rechten zoals deze aan alle andere eindgebruikers worden verleend conform de in deze Overeenkomst opgenomen voorwaarden en overeenkomsten.

Rechten op niet-gepubliceerde werken worden voorbehouden krachtens de wet op het auteursrecht van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Voor toekomstige referentie kunt u toegang krijgen tot een kopie van deze Licentie-Overeenkomst met Eindgebruikers nadat u de Software heeft geïnstalleerd. Indien u vragen heeft over deze Overeenkomst of indien u informatie van Adobe wilt aanvragen, kunt u gebruik maken van de bijgesloten adresinformatie om contact op te nemen met de vestiging van Adobe in uw land, of schrijven naar Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Schotland EH11 4DU, Verenigd Koninkrijk, faxnr: 00-44-131-453-4422.

Adobe is een handelsmerk van Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh is een geregistreerd handelsmerk van Apple Computer, Inc. Windows is een geregistreerd handelsmerk van Microsoft Corporation.

U GELIEVE ONDERSTAAND UW ACCEPTATIE OF UW WEIGERING VAN DE BOVENSTAANDE OVEREENKOMST AAN TE GEVEN DOOR TE KLIKKEN OP HET TOEPASSELIJKE VAKJE. INDIEN U NIET AKKOORD GAAT MET DEZE OVEREENKOMST WORDT DE INSTALLATIEPROCEDURE AFGEBROKEN. OM DE SOFTWARE TE KUNNEN INSTALLEREN, MOET U AKKOORD GAAN MET DE BOVENSTAANDE OVEREENKOMST.



Germany
Für 1 Computer 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektronik-Lizenzvertrag für Endbenutzer
Deutsche Fassung

BITTE SENDEN SIE JEDES DER BEILIEGENDEN REGISTRIERUNGSFORMULARE ZURÜCK, DAMIT SIE DIE REGISTRIERUNGSVERGÜNSTIGUNGEN ERHALTEN KÖNNEN

HINWEIS AN DEN BENUTZER: DIES IST EIN VERTRAG ZWISCHEN IHNEN UND ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), EINEM IM BUNDESSTAAT DELAWARE, USA, AMTLICH EINGETRAGENEN UNTERNEHMEN. FALLS SIE AM ENDE DES TEXTES IHR EINVERSTÄNDNIS ERKLÄREN, BEDEUTET DIES, DASS SIE MIT SÄMTLICHEN BEDINGUNGEN UND KONDITIONEN DIESES VERTRAGES EINVERSTANDEN SIND. Dieser Vertrag liegt einem Adobe® Softwareprodukt ("Software") und dazugehörigem Erläuterungsmaterial ("Dokumentation") an. Der Begriff "Software" umfaßt auch alle Upgrades, alle geänderten Versionen, Updates, Zusätze und Kopien der Ihnen von Adobe lizenzierten Software. Sie werden gebeten, diesen Vertrag sorgfältig durchzulesen, bevor Sie am Ende des Vertrages Ihr Einverständnis erklären. Wenn Sie nicht mit den Bedingungen des vorliegenden Vertrages einverstanden sind, so machen Sie auf der dafür vorgesehenen Stelle Ihre Ablehnung kenntlich. Die Benutzung der Software ist damit gesperrt. Senden Sie in diesem Fall diese Software zusammen mit dem restlichen Paket an Adobe oder die Stelle zurück, bei der Sie sie erworben haben.

Dies ist ein Lizenzvertrag und kein Kaufvertrag. Die Kopie der Software, die in diesem Paket enthalten ist, und jede andere Kopie, zu deren Anfertigung Sie im Rahmen dieses Vertrags berechtigt sind, bleiben Eigentum von Adobe. Mit Ihrer Annahme dieses Vertrags gewährt Adobe Ihnen eine nicht ausschließliche Lizenz zur Nutzung der Software und des Begleitmaterials, sofern Sie den folgenden Bedingungen zustimmen:

1. Nutzung der Software. 
1.1. Sie dürfen die Software an einem einzigen Ort auf einer Festplatte oder einer anderen Speichervorrichtung bis zu der Anzahl von Computern installieren, die oben links in diesem Vertrag angegeben ist ("zulässige Anzahl von Computern").
1.2. Ist die Software für Netzwerknutzung konfiguriert, dürfen Sie die Software auf einen einzigen File-Server zur Nutzung in einem einzigen örtlichen Netzwerk für einen (aber nicht beide) der folgenden Zwecke installieren und nutzen:
  (a) Dauerinstallation auf einer Festplatte oder auf einer anderen Speichervorrichtung der zulässigen Anzahl von Computern; oder
  (b) Nutzung der Software in diesem Netzwerk, vorausgesetzt, die Anzahl der verschiedenen Computer, auf denen die Software genutzt wird, übersteigt nicht die zulässige Anzahl von Computern. Beispiel: Sind 100 Computer an den Server angeschlossen, wobei nie mehr als 15 Computer gleichzeitig die Software benutzen, die Software jedoch zu unterschiedlichen Zeiten auf 25 verschiedenen Computern benutzt wird, beläuft sich die zulässige Anzahl von Computern, für die Sie eine Lizenz benötigen, auf 25.
1.3. Sie dürfen ein beliebiges Foto, eine beliebige Clipart oder andere künstlerische Arbeiten, die mit der Software geliefert wurden, als ganzes oder teilweise anzeigen, verändern, vervielfältigen und verteilen (vorausgesetzt es liegt keine anders lautende, spezifische Anmerkung vor), sofern diese Fotos, Clipart oder künstlerischen Arbeiten nicht als ein einzelnes Produkt verteilt werden. Derartige Fotos, Clipart und künstlerischen Arbeiten, dürfen nicht für die Produktion von anzüglichem, obszönem oder pornografischen Material verwendet werden.
1.4. Sie dürfen eine Sicherungskopie der Software anfertigen, vorausgesetzt, Ihre Sicherungskopie wird auf keinem Computer installiert und benutzt.

1.5. ANWENDUNG AUF HEIMCOMPUTERN. Der Hauptbenutzer eines Computers, auf dem die Software installiert ist oder genutzt wird, kann die Software auch auf einem Heimcomputer oder auf einem tragbaren Computer installieren. Die Software darf jedoch auf dem Zweitcomputer nie gleichzeitig von einer anderen Person benutzt werden, wenn die Software auf dem Hauptcomputer genutzt wird.

1.6. SCHRIFT-SOFTWARE.  Umfaßt die Software Schrift-Software, so dürfen Sie:
(a) Die Schrift-Software wie oben beschrieben auf der zulässigen Anzahl von Computern benutzen und diese Schrift-Software auf allen an diesen Computer angeschlossenen Ausgabegeräten ausgeben.
(b) Beträgt die zulässige Anzahl von Computern höchstens fünf, dürfen Sie die Schrift-Software in den Speicher (Festplatte oder RAM) eines Ausgabegeräts laden, das an mindestens einen dieser Computer angeschlossen ist, so daß diese Schrift-Software im Ausgabegerät resident bleibt, und zusätzlich auf ein weiteres Ausgabegerät für jedes Vielfache von fünf, das der Anzahl der zulässigen Computer entspricht.
(c) Eine Kopie der Schrift(en), die Sie für eine bestimmte Datei verwendet haben, für einen gewerblichen Drucker oder für ein anderes Dienstleistungsbüro anfertigen; dieses Büro kann dann diese Schrift(en) für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Datei verwenden, sofern dieses Büro Ihnen mitgeteilt hat, daß es eine Lizenz gekauft hat oder daß ihm eine Lizenz gewährt wurde, um diese bestimmte Schrift-Software zu nutzen.
(d) Die Schrift-Software in ein anderes Format konvertieren, um sie in anderen Betriebssystemen zu installieren und zu nutzen; dabei gelten folgende Bedingungen: Ein Computer, auf dem die konvertierte Schrift-Software verwendet wird oder installiert ist, gilt als einer der Computer Ihrer zulässigen Anzahl von Computern. Sie verpflichten sich, die Nutzung der Schrift-Software, die Sie konvertiert haben, gemäß allen Bedingungen und Bestimmungen des vorliegenden Vertrags vorzunehmen, die Schrift-Software nur für Ihre eigenen normalen internen geschäftlichen Zwecke oder zur persönlichen Nutzung zu verwenden und diese Schrift-Software für keinen Zweck zu vertreiben oder zu übertragen; davon ausgenommen sind die Bestimmungen des unten folgenden Abschnitts 3.

2. Urheberrecht.  Die Software ist geistiges Eigentum von Adobe und seinen Lieferanten; sie ist gemäß dem US-amerikanischen Urheberrecht, internationalen Verträgen und einschlägigen Gesetzen des Landes geschützt, in dem sie genutzt wird. Struktur, Organisation und Code der Software sind wertvolle Geschäftsgeheimnisse und vertrauliche Information von Adobe und seinen Lieferanten. Sie müssen die Software daher so behandeln, wie Sie jedes andere urheberrechtlich geschützte Material, wie zum Beispiel ein Buch, behandeln würden. Sie dürfen die Software und Begleitmaterial nur im Rahmen der Bestimmungen des Abschnitts "Nutzung der Software" kopieren . Alle Kopien, die Sie gemäß dem vorliegenden Vertrag anfertigen dürfen, müssen dieselben Urheberrechts- und sonstigen Eigentumshinweise enthalten wie die Original-Software. Mit Ausnahme der Konvertierung von Schrift-Software in andere Formate, die gemäß dem Abschnitt "Nutzung der Software" erlaubt ist, verpflichten Sie sich, die Software weder zu ändern noch anzupassen oder zurückzuübersetzen. Sie verpflichten sich ebenfalls, die Software nicht zu dekompilieren, zu disassemblieren oder auf andere Weise zu versuchen, den Quellencode der Software herauszufinden.  Zum Zwecke der Herstellung der Interoperabilität der Software mit anderer Software stellt Ihnen Adobe die notwendigen Informationen kostenlos zur Verfügung. Hierfür wenden Sie sich bitte an das Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, Telefax 44 (0) 131-453-4422.

Warenzeichen sind gemäß den anerkannten Warenzeichenpraktiken anzuwenden, Kennzeichnung des Namens des Eigentümers des Warenzeichens eingeschlossen. Warenzeichen dürfen nur verwendet werden, um mit der Software gefertigte Ausdrucke zu kennzeichnen. Eine solche Verwendung des Warenzeichens verleiht Ihnen keine Eigentumsrechte an dem Warenzeichen. Die vorstehenden Ausführungen ausgenommen, verleiht Ihnen der vorliegende Vertrag kein geistiges Eigentum an der Software.

3. Übertragung.  Sie dürfen Software und Begleitmaterial nicht vermieten, verpachten, unterlizenzieren oder verleihen. Sie dürfen jedoch alle Ihre Rechte zur Nutzung der Software und Begleitmaterial an eine andere natürliche oder juristische Person unter der Voraussetzung übertragen, daß Sie (i) den vorliegenden Vertrag, die Software, einschließlich aller Kopien, Updates und früherer Versionen sowie aller Kopien der Schrift-Software, die in andere Formate konvertiert wurde, und das gesamte Begleitmaterial an diese natürliche oder juristische Person übertragen, (ii) daß Sie keine Kopien einschließlich von Kopien, die auf einem Computer gespeichert sind, zurückbehalten, und daß (iii) der Empfänger die Bedingungen dieses Vertrags akzeptiert.

4. Mehrbetriebssystem-Software / Mehrsprachen-Software / Software auf zwei Datenträgern / Vielfachkopien / Upgrades.  Enthält dieses Paket oder erhalten Sie beim Erwerb der in diesem Paket befindlichen Software zwei oder mehr Betriebssystemversionen der Software (z.B. Macintosh und Windows®), zwei- oder mehrsprachige Übersetzungen der Software, dieselbe Software auf zwei oder mehr Datenträgern (z.B. Disketten und eine CD-ROM) und/oder erhalten Sie zwei oder mehrere Kopien der Software, so darf die gesamte Anzahl der Computer, auf denen alle Versionen der Software genutzt werden, die zulässige Anzahl von Computern nicht überschreiten. Für jede Version der von Ihnen genutzten Software dürfen Sie eine Sicherungskopie gemäß den Bestimmungen des vorliegenden Vertrags anfertigen. Sie dürfen die Versionen oder Kopien der Software, die Sie nicht nutzen, nicht vermieten, leasen, unterlizenzieren, verleihen oder übertragen; dies gilt auch für Software auf nicht genutzten Datenträgern, es sei denn als Teil der dauerhaften Übertragung der gesamten Software und des gesamten Begleitmaterials, wie oben beschrieben.

Erwerben Sie ein Upgrade oder Update der Software, so dürfen Sie die alte Version neunzig (90) Tage nach Erhalt der neuen Version weiterverwenden, damit Ihnen die Umstellung auf die neue Version leichter wird; danach sind Sie nicht länger berechtigt, die alte Version zu verwenden. 

5. (a) Gewährleistung.
(1) Die Vertragsparteien stimmen darin überein, daß es nicht möglich ist, Datenverarbeitungsprogramme so zu entwickeln, daß sie für alle Anwendungsbedingungen problemlos geeignet sind. Adobe gewährleistet, daß das Programm für den in dem Begleitmaterial, die Ihnen bei Übernahme des Programms zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, vorgesehenen Gebrauch geeignet ist. Diese Gewährleistung gilt nicht für Schriftarten-Software, die in andere Formate transformiert wurde. Adobe übernimmt keine Gewähr dafür, daß das Programm einschließlich des Begleitmaterials und der ausgelieferten Hardware Ihren Anforderungen und Zwecken genügt oder mit anderen von Ihnen eingesetzten Programmen arbeitet. Sie tragen die alleinige Verantwortung für Auswahl und Folgen der Nutzung des Programms einschließlich des Begleitmaterials und der Hardware sowie der damit beabsichtigten oder erzielten Ergebnisse.
(2) Sie haben das Programm einschließlich des Begleitmaterials unverzüglich mit der Ihnen zumutbaren Gründlichkeit zu untersuchen und hierbei erkennbare Mängel spätestens innerhalb von 14 Tagen nach Inbetriebnahme des Programms schriftlich zu rügen. Verborgene Mängel sind in gleicher Weise unverzüglich nach deren Entdeckung anzuzeigen. Anderenfalls gelten das Programm und das Begleitmaterial als vorbehaltlos genehmigt.
(3) Im Falle erheblicher Abweichungen von der Leistungsbeschreibung ist Adobe nach eigener Wahl zur Nachbesserung oder Ersatzlieferung verpflichtet. Gelingt es Adobe innerhalb einer angemessenen Frist nicht, eine vertragsgemäße Nutzung des Programms zu ermöglichen, sind Sie berechtigt, den Vertrag rückgängig zu machen oder die Lizenzgebühr zu mindern. Falls die Herstellung eines geeigneten Programms im Sinne von Ziffer (1) mit angemessenem Aufwand nicht möglich ist, hat Adobe ebenfalls ein Rücktrittsrecht.
(4) Im Falle der Geltendmachung von Gewährleistungsansprüchen sind Sie verpflichtet, das Programm zusammen mit der Empfangsbestätigung zurückzugeben. Die Kosten der Rücksendung trägt Adobe.
(5) Adobe übernimmt keine Gewähr dafür, daß die Software keine Schutzrechte Dritter verletzt, es sei denn, die Rechtsverletzung durch Adobe erfolgte schuldhaft. Adobe stellt Sie von etwaigen Kosten der gerichtlichen Abwehr der Schutzrechte und Schadenersatzansprüchen Dritter frei.

5. (b) Haftungsbeschränkungen. 
Adobe und seine Lieferanten haften nicht aus Schäden (einschließlich entgangenen Geschäftsgewinns und anderer finanzieller Verluste), die auf der Nutzung oder Unmöglichkeit der Nutzung des Adobe-Produktes beruhen, es sei denn, daß ein Schaden durch Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit verursacht worden ist, auf dem Fehlen zugesicherter Eigenschaften beruht oder auf einer leicht fahrlässigen Verletzung einer wesentlichen Vertragspflicht durch Adobe. Eine Haftung für Mangelfolgeschäden, die nicht von der Zusicherung umfaßt sind, ist ausgeschlossen, es sei denn, sie sind vorsätzlich oder grob fahrlässig verursacht worden.

In jedem Falle ist die Haftung von Adobe auf den Betrag beschränkt, den Sie für die Überlassung des Programms bezahlen.

6. Anzuwendendes Recht und Allgemeine Bestimmungen.  Auf den vorliegenden Vertrag findet deutsches Recht Anwendung (ausgenommen ist die Anwendung der Konfliktregeln dieses Landes). Auf den vorliegenden Vertrag findet folgendes keine Anwendung: UN-Abkommen zum internationalen Warenkauf, Einheitliches Gesetz über den Abschluß von internationalen Kaufverträgen über bewegliche Sachen, Einheitliches Gesetz über den internationalen Kauf beweglicher Sachen und alle anderen Gesetze, Regeln oder Vorschriften von Gerichtsständen, die auf den oben genannten Abkommen und Gesetzen beruhen; außerdem ist die Anwendung aller vorstehenden Abkommen und Gesetze ausdrücklich ausgeschlossen. Stellt sich heraus, daß ein Teil des vorliegenden Vertrags ungültig oder nicht durchsetzbar ist, so wird die Gültigkeit des übrigen Vertrags davon nicht berührt; dieser bleibt vielmehr gültig und gemäß seinen Bestimmungen durchsetzbar. Sie verpflichten sich, die Software in kein Land zu versenden, zu übertragen oder zu exportieren, das auf der Verbotsliste des Exportgesetzes der Vereinigten Staaten oder irgendwelcher anderer Exportgesetze, Einschränkungen oder Regelungen steht, und die Software auf keine Weise zu nutzen, die durch die oben genannten Gesetze untersagt ist. Dieser Vertrag endet automatisch, wenn Sie die darin enthaltenen Bestimmungen trotz Nachfristsetzung nicht erfüllen. Der vorliegende Vertrag kann nur schriftlich geändert werden, wobei die Änderung von einem bevollmächtigten leitenden Angestellten von Adobe unterzeichnet werden muß.

Dies ist der gesamte Vertrag zwischen Ihnen und Adobe bezüglich der Software und des Begleitmaterials und er ersetzt alle vorigen Präsentationen, Diskussionen, Zusicherungen, Endbenutzer-Lizenzverträge, Mitteilungen oder Werbungen über die Software und das Begleitmaterial.

7. Hinweis für Endbenutzer der Regierung der Vereinigten Staaten.  
Die Software und das Begleitmaterial sind "Commercial Items" (Handelswaren) im Sinne von 48 CFR §2.101, bestehend aus "Commercial Computer Software" (kommerzielle Computer-Software) und "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Begleitmaterial für kommerzielle Computer-Software) im Sinne von 48 CFR §12.212 oder 48 CFR §227.7202, sofern anwendbar. Gemäß 48 CFR §12.212 oder 48 CFR §§ 227.7202-1 bis 227.7202-4, sofern anwendbar, sind die "Commercial Computer Software" und die "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" lizenziert für US-amerikanische Regierungsendbenutzer (i) nur als "Commercial Items" und (ii) mit nur den Rechten, die allen anderen Endbenutzern entspechend der hier genannten Vertragsbedingungen und Konditionen.

Unveröffentlichte Rechte vorbehalten gemäß den Urheberrechtsgesetzen der Vereinigten Staaten. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Für weitere Einzelheiten in bezug auf dieses Endbenutzerabkommen steht Ihnen in Zukunft ein Exemplar dieses Abkommens zur Verfügung, nachdem Sie die Software installiert haben. Sollten Sie Fragen zu dem vorliegenden Vertrag haben oder wünschen Sie Informationen von Adobe, so verwenden Sie bitte die diesem Produkt beiliegende Adressenliste, um Verbindung zur zuständigen Adobe-Niederlassung für Ihr Land aufzunehmen, oder wenden Sie sich an das Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, Telefax 44 (0) 131-453-4422.

Adobe ist ein Warenzeichen von Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh ist ein eingetragenes Warenzeichen von Apple Computer, Inc. Windows ist ein eingetragenes Warenzeichen von Microsoft Corporation.


BITTE BESTÄTIGEN SIE IHR EINVERSTÄNDNIS MIT BZW. BRINGEN SIE IHREN VORBEHALT GEGEN DIESEN VERTRAG ZUM AUSDRUCK, INDEM SIE DAS ENTSPRECHENDE FELD UNTEN ANKLICKEN. WENN SIE DIESEN VERTRAG ABLEHEN, WIRD DIE INSTALLATION ABGEBROCHEN. SIE KöNNEN DIE SOFTWARE NUR INSTALLIEREN, WENN SIE DIESEN VERTRAG AKZEPTIEREN.






Belgium F
Pour 1 Ordinateur

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrat de licence électronique de l'utilisateur final
Version belge

VEUILLEZ RETOURNER TOUT FORMULAIRE D'ENREGISTREMENT ACCOMPAGNANT LE PRODUIT AFIN DE BÉNÉFICIER DES AVANTAGES DE L'INSCRIPTION.

NOTE A L'UTILISATEUR: CECI EST UN CONTRAT CONCLU ENTRE VOUS-MÊME ET ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), SOCIÉTÉ INCORPORÉE EN CONFORMITÉ AVEC LA LEGISLATION DE L'ÉTAT AMERICAIN DE DELAWARE. EN INDIQUANT VOTRE ACCORD CI-DESSOUS, VOUS ACCEPTEZ TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DE CE CONTRAT. Ce Contrat de Licence de l'Utilisateur Final d'Adobe Systems Incorporated accompagne un logiciel informatique Adobe® ("Logiciel") et des documents écrits expliquant l'utilisation du Logiciel ("Documentation"). Par le terme de "Logiciel", on entend également les mises à niveau, versions modifiées, mises à jour, additions et copies du Logiciel dont Adobe vous a accordé la licence. Avant d'indiquer votre acceptation à la fin du texte de ce Contrat, vous devez le lire avec attention. Si vous n'acceptez pas les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat, veuillez le préciser à l'endroit indiqué, vous ne serez alors plus autorisé à utiliser le Logiciel. Dans ce cas, veuillez retourner le Logiciel et tous les autres articles de l'emballage à Adobe ou au distributeur auprès duquel vous vous l'êtes procuré.

Le présent Contrat est un contrat de licence, et non un contrat de vente. Adobe demeure propriétaire de la copie du Logiciel contenue dans l'emballage, de son support, et de toute autre copie que le présent Contrat vous autorise à exécuter. Dès que vous acceptez ce Contrat, Adobe vous accorde une licence non-exclusive pour utiliser le Logiciel et la Documentation, à condition que vous acceptiez ce qui suit :

1. Utilisation du Logiciel. 
1.1. Vous êtes autorisé à installer le Logiciel sur un seul site, sur un disque dur ou sur tout autre périphérique de stockage d'ordinateur, sur le nombre maximum d'ordinateurs indiqué dans le coin supérieur gauche ("Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs") du présent Contrat.
1.2. Vous êtes autorisé à installer et utiliser le Logiciel, à condition qu'il soit configuré pour une utilisation en réseau, sur un seul serveur de fichiers, pour une utilisation sur un seul réseau local, pour l'un ou l'autre (mais pas les deux) des objectifs suivants :
  (a) installation permanente sur un disque dur ou sur un autre périphérique de stockage sur, au maximum, le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs ; ou
  (b) utilisation du Logiciel sur ce réseau, à condition que le nombre des différents ordinateurs sur lesquels le Logiciel est utilisé à des moments variés n'excède pas le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Par exemple, si cent ordinateurs sont reliés au serveur, même s'il n'y a jamais plus de 15 ordinateurs utilisant simultanément le Logiciel, si le Logiciel est utilisé sur 25 ordinateurs différents à des moments variés, le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs pour lequel une licence vous sera nécessaire sera de 25.
1.3. Vous êtes autorisé à afficher, modifier, reproduire et distribuer toute photographie, tout clip art ou tout autre ouvrage artistique, en totalité ou en partie, qui figure dans le Logiciel (sauf indication contraire dûment mentionnée), à condition que ces photographies, clip arts ou ouvrages artistiques ne soient pas distribués séparément. Ces photographies, ces clip arts et ces ouvrages artistiques ne peuvent pas être utilisés pour produire des matériaux obscènes, pornographiques ou lubriques.
1.4. Vous êtes autorisé à faire une copie de sauvegarde du Logiciel, à condition que votre copie de sauvegarde ne soit pas installée ou utilisée sur quelqu'ordinateur que ce soit.

1.5. UTILISATION À DOMICILE. L'utilisateur principal de chaque ordinateur sur lequel est installé ou utilisé le Logiciel est également autorisé à installer le Logiciel sur un ordinateur secondaire, domestique ou portable. Cependant, il n'est pas permis qu'une autre personne utilise en même temps le Logiciel sur l'ordinateur secondaire lorsque le Logiciel est utilisé sur l'ordinateur principal.

1.6. LOGICIEL DE POLICES DE CARACTÈRES. Si le Logiciel comprend un logiciel de polices de caractères, vous pouvez:
(a) Utiliser le logiciel de polices de caractères comme indiqué ci-dessus sur le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs et sortir ce logiciel de polices de caractères sur tout périphérique de sortie connecté à ces ordinateurs.
(b) Si le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs est de cinq ou moins, transférer le logiciel de polices de caractères sur la mémoire (disque dur ou RAM) de l'un des périphériques de sortie connecté à au moins l'un de ces ordinateurs en vue de laisser de manière permanente ce logiciel de polices de caractères sur le périphérique de sortie, et sur la mémoire d'un périphérique de sortie supplémentaire pour chaque multiple de cinq contenu dans le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. 
(c) Faire une copie de la police (des polices) de caractères que vous avez utilisée(s) pour réaliser un fichier spécifique et la (les) remettre à un imprimeur commercial ou à un autre prestataire de services de bureautique, lequel pourra utiliser la police (les polices) pour traiter votre fichier, le tout à condition que ce prestataire vous ait informé qu'une licence lui permettant d'utiliser ce logiciel de polices de caractères spécifique lui a été concédée.
(d) Convertir et installer le logiciel de polices de caractères dans un autre format afin de l'utiliser dans d'autres environnements, sous réserve des conditions suivantes: un ordinateur sur lequel le logiciel de polices de caractères ainsi converti est utilisé ou installé sera considéré comme l'un des ordinateurs du Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Vous acceptez que l'utilisation du logiciel de polices de caractères que vous avez converti se fera conformément à toutes les dispositions du présent Contrat, que ce logiciel de polices de caractères ne peut être utilisé que pour votre propre utilisation interne habituelle, professionnelle ou personnelle, et que ce logiciel de polices de caractères ne peut pas être distribué ou cédé pour quelque but que ce soit, sauf en conformité avec la section 3 ci-dessous.

2. Droits d'auteur et droits intellectuels. Le Logiciel est la propriété intellectuelle d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs. Il est protégé par la législation belge et la législation des États-Unis en matière de droits d'auteur, par les dispositions des traités internationaux et par les lois applicables dans le pays où le Logiciel est utilisé. La structure, l'organisation et les codes du Logiciel sont des secrets commerciaux de valeur et constituent des informations confidentielles appartenant à Adobe et à ses fournisseurs. Vous devez traiter le Logiciel de la même manière que toute oeuvre sur laquelle il existe des droits d'auteur, tel qu'un livre par exemple. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à copier le Logiciel ou la Documentation, sauf comme le prévoit la section intitulée "Utilisation du Logiciel". Toute copie que vous êtes autorisé à faire en vertu du présent Contrat doit comporter les mêmes mentions de droits d'auteur et d'autres droits de propriété que celles qui apparaissent sur ou dans le Logiciel. A l'exception de ce qui vous est autorisé en vertu de la section intitulée "Utilisation du Logiciel", pour le Logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats, vous ne pouvez pas modifier, adapter ou traduire le Logiciel. En outre, vous ne pouvez pas faire de l'ingénierie inverse, décompiler, désassembler le Logiciel ou tenter d'une quelconque manière d'en découvrir le code source du Logiciel. Les marques commerciales seront utilisées conformément aux usages en la matière, y compris en ce qui concerne l'identification du nom du propriétaire de la marque. Les marques ne peuvent être utilisées que pour identifier les sorties imprimées générées par le Logiciel. L'utilisation autorisée par le présent Contrat d'une marque ne vous confère aucun droit de propriété sur cette marque. Le présent Contrat ne vous accorde aucun droit de propriété intellectuelle sur le Logiciel.

Dans la mesure où les dispositions impératives de la législation locale vous accordent le droit de décompiler le Logiciel afin d'obtenir les informations vous permettant de rendre le Logiciel interopérable avec un autre logiciel, vous devrez d'abord demander à Adobe de vous fournir les informations nécessaires. Dans ce cas, Adobe a le droit d'imposer des conditions raisonnables, notamment le paiement d'une redevance raisonnable. Pour toute information, veuillez vous adresser au Customer Support Department (service clientèle), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimbourg, Ecosse EH11 4DU, Royaume-Uni, télécopie +44-(0)131-453-4422.

3. Transfert. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à donner le Logiciel ou la Documentation en location, en crédit-bail, en sous-licence ou en prêt. Cependant, vous êtes autorisé à transférer tous vos droits d'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation à une autre personne physique ou morale à condition que : (i) vous lui transfériez le présent Contrat, le Logiciel, y compris toutes les copies, mises à jour et versions antérieures, ainsi que toutes les copies du logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats, et la Documentation, et (ii) que vous ne gardiez aucune copie, et notamment aucune copie en mémoire dans l'ordinateur et (iii) que la personne physique ou morale bénéficiant de ce transfert accepte d'être liée par les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat.

4. Logiciel d'environnement multiple / Logiciel de langage multiple / Logiciel sur double support / Copies multiples / Nouvelles versions.  Si cet emballage contient, ou si, en rapport avec l'acquisition du Logiciel contenu dans cet emballage vous recevez, deux ou plusieurs versions d'environnement d'exploitation du Logiciel (par exemple, Macintosh et Windows®), deux ou plusieurs versions de traduction de langage du Logiciel, le même Logiciel sur deux ou plusieurs supports (par exemple, des disquettes et un disque optique compact) et/ou si vous recevez d'une autre manière deux ou plusieurs copies du Logiciel, le nombre total de l'ensemble des ordinateurs sur lesquels toutes les versions ou copies autorisées du Logiciel sont utilisées ne doit pas excéder le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Vous êtes autorisé à faire une copie de sauvegarde, conformément aux termes du présent Contrat, pour chaque version du Logiciel que vous utilisez. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à donner en location, en crédit-bail, en sous-licence ou en prêt, ni à transférer les versions ou copies du Logiciel que vous n'utilisez pas ou le Logiciel contenu sur n'importe quel support non utilisé, sauf si cela fait partie du transfert permanent de tout le Logiciel et de toute la Documentation, tel que décrit ci-dessus.

Si vous faites l'acquisition d'une nouvelle version ou d'une mise à jour du Logiciel, vous pouvez utiliser la version précédente du Logiciel pendant quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours après que vous ayez reçu la version nouvelle de manière à vous faciliter la transition vers la nouvelle version, après quoi vous n'avez plus de licence d'utilisation de la version précédente du Logiciel. 

5. Garantie limitée. Adobe vous garantit que le Logiciel fonctionnera fondamentalement en conformité avec la Documentation, pour une période de quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours à compter de la réception du Logiciel par vos soins. Cette garantie ne s'applique pas au Logiciel de polices de caractères converti dans d'autres formats. Pour formuler une réclamation dans le cadre de la garantie, vous devez retourner le Logiciel à l'endroit où vous vous l'êtes procuré, accompagné d'une copie de votre bon d'achat dans ledit délai de quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours. Si le Logiciel ne fonctionne pas fondamentalement en conformité avec la Documentation, la seule et exclusive responsabilité d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs, et la seule réparation à votre égard seront limitées, au choix d'Adobe , au remplacement du Logiciel ou au remboursement de la redevance de licence que vous avez versée pour le Logiciel.  ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS NE GARANTISSENT PAS ET NE PEUVENT GARANTIR LES PERFORMANCES OU LES RÉSULTATS QUE VOUS POURREZ OBTENIR EN UTILISANT LE LOGICIEL OU LA DOCUMENTATION. CE QUI PRÉCÈDE DÉCRIT VOS SEULS ET EXCLUSIFS RECOURS EN CAS DE NON RESPECT DE LA GARANTIE DONNÉE PAR ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS. A L'EXCEPTION DE LA GARANTIE LIMITÉE SUSMENTIONNÉE, ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS NE DONNENT AUCUNE GARANTIE, EXPRESSE OU TACITE, CONCERNANT LA NON-VIOLATION DE DROITS DE TIERS, LA QUALITÉ MARCHANDE ET SATISFAISANTE OU L'ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER. EN AUCUN CAS, ADOBE OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE TOUS DOMMAGES DIRECTS OU INDIRECTS, CONSECUTIFS OU SPÉCIAUX, ET NOTAMMENT DE TOUTES PERTES FAITES OU DE MANQUES À GAGNER, ET CELA QUAND BIEN MÊME UN REPRÉSENTANT D'ADOBE AURAIT ÉTÉ INFORMÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES. EN AUCUN CAS, ADOBE OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE QUELQUE RÉCLAMATION QUE CE SOIT ÉMANANT DE TOUT TIERS. 

L'application des présentes ne vous prive pas de vos droits relatifs à la garantie légale en droit belge, notamment au cas où vous auriez la qualité de consommateur, dans la mesure où elle est applicable et où le droit belge serait applicable.

Le droit applicable dans certains Etats n'autorisant pas l'exclusion ou la limitation de dommages indirects, consécutifs ou spéciaux ou l'exclusion de garanties tacites ou les limitations de durée d'une garantie tacite, il est possible que les limitaitons ci-dessus ne s'appliquent pas à votre cas. Dans la mesure où cela est autorisé, toute garantie tacite sera limitée à quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours. La présente garantie vous donne des droits spécifiques. Il est possible que vous ayez d'autres droits. Les droits varient d'un pays à l'autre. Pour tout renseignement complémentaire concernant la garantie, veuillez contacter le Customer Support Department (service clientèle) d'Adobe .

6. Droit applicable et dispositions générales. Le présent Contrat est régi par le droit belge (à l'exclusion des règles de conflits de lois en droit belge). Le présent Contrat n'est pas régi par la Convention des Nations Unies sur les contrats de vente internationale de marchandises, par la Loi uniforme sur la formation des contrats de vente internationale de marchandises, par la Loi uniforme relative à la vente internationale de marchandises, ni par aucune loi, aucun règlement ou aucune réglementation d'aucune sorte basée sur la dite Convention ou les dites Lois uniformes, et l'application de la dite Convention et des dites Lois uniformes est expressément exclue.

Si l'une quelconque des dispositions du présent Contrat est jugée nulle et/ou non exécutoire, cela n'affectera pas la validité de ses autres dispositions qui resteront applicables et exécutoires. Vous acceptez que le Logiciel ne soit pas expédié, transféré ni exporté dans aucun pays, ni utilisé d'aucune manière interdite par la loi américaine sur le contrôle des exportations (United States Export Administration Act) ou par toutes autres lois, restrictions ou réglementations relatives au contrôle des exportations. Le présent Contrat sera automatiquement résilié en cas de non-respect de votre part de ses termes. Le présent Contrat ne peut être modifié que par un écrit signé par un responsable autorisé d'Adobe.

Le présent Contrat constitue le contrat de licence entre Adobe et vous-même, relatif à l'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation. Il annule et remplace tous pourparlers, engagements, déclarations, contrats de licence pour utilisateur final, communications et publicités préalables, concernant le Logiciel et la Documentation.

Vous convenez avec Adobe que la preuve de votre acceptation et de l'existence du présent Contrat est rapportée à suffisance de droit par l'enregistrement électronique de l'accord que vous donnez en cliquant sur la case appropriée et/ou par le fait que le logiciel a pû être installé. Vous acceptez qu'il soit dérogé à l'article 1325 du Code civil belge, et pour autant que de besoin, aux autres dispositions du Code civil relatives à la preuve des obligations et contraires au présent Contrat.

7. Note pour les utilisateurs du Gouvernement des États-Unis.  Le Logiciel et la Documentation sont des "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") qui sont conformes à la définition de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 2.101, et se composent de "Logiciel informatique commercial" ("Commecial Computer Software") et de "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial" ("Commercial Computer Software Documentation"), qui sont conformes aux définitions de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 227.7202, suivant le cas. En conformité avec 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphes 227.7202-1 à 227.7202-4, suivant le cas, le "Logiciel informatique commercial" et la "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial" sont licenciés à des utilisateurs employés par le gouvernement américain, premièrement, uniquement en tant qu' "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") et, deuxièmement, uniquement avec les droits qui sont accordés à tous les autres utilisateurs en conformité avec les termes et conditions du présent Contrat.

Les droits d'auteur sur les oeuvres ou travaux non publiés sont réservés en vertu de la législation des États-Unis d'Amérique sur le droit d'auteur. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Pour références, une copie de ce Contrat de Licence de l'Utilisateur Final est accessible après que vous ayez installé le Logiciel. Pour toutes questions concernant le présent Contrat ou pour tous renseignements que vous souhaiteriez obtenir d'Adobe, veuillez utiliser l'adresse jointe à ce produit afin de contacter la filiale d'Adobe couvrant votre pays ou écrire à: Customer Support Department (service clientèle), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimbourg, Ecosse EH11 4DU, Royaume-Uni, télécopie +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe est une marque d'Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh est une marque déposée de Apple Computer, Inc. Windows est une marque déposée de Microsoft Corporation.


VEUILLEZ INDIQUER VOTRE ACCEPTATION OU VOTRE REFUS D'ACCEPTATION DU CONTRAT SUSDIT, EN CLIQUANT SUR LE BOUTON APPROPRIE SITUE CI-DESSOUS. SI VOUS REFUSEZ CE CONTRAT, L'INSTALLATION DU LOGICIEL NE SERA PAS POSSIBLE. POUR INSTALLER LE LOGICIEL, IL VOUS FAUT ACCEPTER TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DU CONTRAT SUSDIT.




Belgium N
Voor 1 Computer

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektronische Licentie-overeenkomst met eindgebruikers
Belgische versie

INDIEN U DE VOORDELEN VAN REGISTRATIE WILT GENIETEN, DIENT U ALLE BIJGAANDE REGISTRATIEFORMULIEREN OP TE STUREN. 

KENNISGEVING AAN DE GEBRUIKER: DIT IS EEN OVEREENKOMST TUSSEN U EN ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED (HIERNA TE NOEMEN "ADOBE"), EEN VENNOOTSCHAP VOLGENS HET RECHT VAN DE STAAT DELAWARE, VERENIGDE STATEN VAN AMERIKA. DOOR ONDERSTAAND UW ACCEPTATIE AAN TE GEVEN, AANVAARDT U ALLE VOORWAARDEN EN BEPALINGEN VAN DEZE OVEREENKOMST. Deze Adobe Systems Incorporated Licentie-overeenkomst met Eindgebruikers behoort bij een Adobe® software-produkt ("Software") en het bijbehorende geschreven materiaal ter uitleg ("Documentatie"). De term "Software" omvat tevens alle verbeterde en gewijzigde versies, updates, aanvullingen en kopieën van de Software waarop U door Adobe een licentie wordt verleend. U moet deze Overeenkomst zorgvuldig lezen voordat U Uw acceptatie onderstaand aangeeft. Indien U het niet eens bent met de voorwaarden en bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst, dient U op de aangegeven plaats Uw weigering kenbaar te maken, en zult U niet in staat zijn de software te gebruiken. U dient dan de software inclusief verpakking te retourneren aan Adobe of Uw leverancier.

Dit is een licentie-overeenkomst, geen verkoopcontract. De Software in dit pakket en enig andere kopie die U in navolging van deze Overeenkomst gemachtigd bent te maken blijven eigendom van Adobe.  Adobe verleent U een niet-exclusieve licentie om de Software en de Documentatie te gebruiken, op voorwaarde dat U instemt met het volgende:

1. Gebruik van de Software. 
1.1. U mag de Software installeren op een enkele locatie op een harde schijf of ander opslagmedium op het aantal computers dat in de linkerbovenhoek van deze Overeenkomst is aangegeven (het "Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers").
1.2. Mits de Software geconfigureerd is voor het netwerkgebruik, mag U de Software installeren en gebruiken op één enkele file server voor gebruik op een enkel local area netwerk voor één (doch niet beide) van de volgende doeleinden:
  (a) permanente installatie op de harde schijf of ander opslagmedium van ten hoogste het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers; of
  (b) gebruik van de Software op zo'n netwerk, met dien verstande dat het aantal verschillende computers waarop de Software gebruikt wordt het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers niet overschrijdt. Bijvoorbeeld, indien er 100 computers aan de server zijn gekoppeld, waarvan nooit meer dan 15 computers tegelijkertijd gebruik maken van de Software, maar waarvan op verschillende tijdstippen 25 computers gebruik maken van de Software, is het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers waarvoor U een licentie nodig heeft 25.
1.3. U mag foto's, clip-art of andere artistieke werken die bij de Software zijn geleverd, gedeeltelijk of geheel afbeelden, bewerken, reproduceren en verspreiden (tenzij een apart bericht of notitie het tegendeel aangeeft) op voorwaarde dat dergelijke foto's, clip-art of artistieke werken niet als afzonderlijke producten worden verspreid. Dergelijke afbeeldingen, clip-art en artistieke werken mogen niet worden gebruik bij de productie van onzedelijk, obsceen of pornografisch materiaal.
1.4. U mag één backup-kopie maken van de Software mits Uw backup-exemplaar niet wordt geïnstalleerd of gebruikt op enige computer.

1.5. THUISGEBRUIK. De oorspronkelijke gebruiker van iedere computer waarop de Software is geïnstalleerd of wordt gebruikt, mag de Software tevens op één home computer of portable computer installeren. De Software mag echter niet door een andere persoon op de tweede computer worden gebruikt, terwijl op hetzelfde moment de Software op de primaire computer wordt gebruikt.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE. Als de Software font software inhoudt, mag U:
(a) de font software zoals hierboven beschreven gebruiken op het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers, alsook ook deze font software produceren aan de hand van eender welke output devices, die op deze computers zijn aangesloten.
(b) als het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers gelijk is aan vijf of minder, de font software downloaden in het geheugen (harde schijf of RAM) van één output device die aan ten minste één van die computers is aangesloten, teneinde die font software permanent op de output device geladen te hebben, en voorts in het geheugen van één extra output device voor ieder veelvoud van vijf dat door het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers is toegestaan.
(c) een kopie van de font(s) die U gebruikt heeft voor een specifiek document meenemen naar een commerciële drukker of een ander servicebureau, mits dit servicebureau aan U kenbaar heeft gemaakt dat het een licentie om deze bijzondere font software te gebruiken, heeft aangewerfd of hiervan een licentie heeft bekomen.
(d) de font software converteren naar en installeren in een ander formaat voor gebruik in andere omgevingen, mits eerbiediging van de volgende voorwaarden: een computer waarop de geconverteerde font software wordt gebruikt of geïnstalleerd zal beschouwd worden als een van de Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers. U stemt ermee in dat gebruik van de font software die U heeft geconverteerd, onderworpen is aan alle bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst, en dat die font software alleen mag worden gebruikt voor Uw eigen gewone interne bedrijfsvoering of persoonlijk gebruik en dat hij voor geen enkel doel mag gedistribueerd of overgedragen worden, behalve in overeenstemming met Artikel 3 hierna.

2. Auteursrecht.  De Software is intellectueel eigendom van Adobe en haar leveranciers en is beschermd onder andere op grond van de Belgische Auteurswet, de auteurswetten van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika, internationale verdragsbepalingen, en de toepasselijke wetten van het land waarin de Software wordt gebruikt. De structuur, organisatie en code van de Software behoren tot de kostbare handelsgeheimen en zijn vertrouwelijke informatie van Adobe en haar leveranciers. U dient de Software op dezelfde manier te behandelen als enig ander materiaal waarop auteursrecht rust, zoals een boek. Het is U niet toegestaan de Software of de Documentatie te kopiëren, behalve voor zover bepaald onder Artikel 1 "Gebruik van de Software".  Alle kopieën die U krachtens deze Overeenkomst gerechtigd bent te maken dienen dezelfde kennisgevingen met betrekking tot het auteursrecht en andere eigendomsrechten te bevatten als zijn aangebracht op of in de Software. Behoudens voor font software die naar een ander formaat is geconverteerd in overeenstemming met het bepaalde onder "Gebruik van de Software", verbindt U zich ertoe de Software niet te zullen veranderen, aan te passen of te vertalen. Voorts zult U de Software niet aan reverse engineering onderwerpen, decompileren, disassembleren of op enige andere wijze trachten de broncode van de Software te ontdekken. Handelsmerken dienen te worden gebruikt volgens de algemeen aanvaarde handelsmerkenpraktijk, inclusief vermelding van de naam van de eigenaar van het handelsmerk. Handelsmerken mogen uitsluitend worden gebruikt ter identificatie van gedrukt materiaal dat met behulp van de Software is geproduceerd. Dergelijk gebruik van een handelsmerk geeft U geen eigendomsrechten ten aanzien van het betrokken handelsmerk. Behalve in voornoemde gevallen verschaft deze Overeenkomst U geen enkele aanspraak op enige intellectuele eigendomsrechten inzake de Software.

Voor zover rechtsregels van dwingend recht U toestaan de Software te decompileren voor het verkrijgen van informatie die vereist is om interoperabiliteit met de Software te bewerkstelligen, dient U eerst Adobe te verzoeken om U de noodzakelijke informatie te verstrekken. Adobe is gerechtigd hieraan redelijke voorwaarden te verbinden, bijvoorbeeld een redelijke vergoeding. Verzoeken om informatie kunnen worden gericht aan: Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Schotland EH11 4DU, Verenigd Koninkrijk, telefax: 00-44-131-453-4422.

3. Overdracht. Het is u niet toegestaan de Software of de Documentatie te verhuren, in lease te geven, uit te lenen of vergunning voor gebruik te verlenen aan derden. U bent daarentegen wel bevoegd al uw rechten op het gebruik van de Software en de Documentatie aan een derde (rechts-) persoon over te dragen, op voorwaarde (i) dat u daarbij ook overgaat tot overdracht van deze Overeenkomst, de Software, inclusief alle kopieën, updates, eerdere versies en alle exemplaren van font software die naar een ander formaat zijn geconverteerd, en de Documentatie, aan de (rechts-) persoon in kwestie, (ii) dat u geen kopieën achterhoudt, met inbegrip van kopieën die op een computer zijn opgeslagen en (iii) dat de ontvangende partij akkoord gaat met de voorwaarden en bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst. 

4. Software voor meer dan één omgeving / Software in meer dan één taal / Software op meer dan één medium / Meerdere exemplaren / Upgrades. Indien dit pakket versies van de Software voor meer dan één omgeving (bijvoorbeeld Macintosh en Windows®), twee of meer taalversies van de Software, of Software op twee of meer media (bijvoorbeeld diskettes en CD-ROM) bevat, of indien U die ontvangt in verband met de aanschaf van de Software, en/of indien U anderszins twee of meer exemplaren van de Software ontvangt, mag het totaal aantal computers waarop alle versies of kopieën van de Software worden gebruikt het Maximaal Toegestane Aantal Computers niet overschrijden. U mag één kopie maken als backup, in overeenstemming met de bepalingen van deze Overeenkomst, voor iedere versie van de Software die U gebruikt. Het is U niet toegestaan versies of exemplaren van de Software die U niet gebruikt of Software op ongebruikte media te verhuren, te leasen, uit te lenen of vergunning voor gebruik te verlenen aan derden, behalve als onderdeel van de permanente overdracht van alle Software en Documentatie zoals hierboven beschreven.

Indien U een upgrade of update voor Software aanwerft, mag U de eerdere versie gedurende negentig (90) dagen na ontvangst van de nieuwe versie gebruiken teneinde de overgang voor U te vergemakkelijken; na deze periode vervalt Uw licentie voor het gebruiken van de eerdere versie. 

5. Beperkte waarborg. Adobe waarborgt voor een periode van 90 dagen vanaf het moment van ontvangst van de Software dat de Software in hoofdzaak in overeenstemming met de Documentatie zal functioneren. Deze waarborg is niet van toepassing op font software die naar een ander formaat werd geconverteerd. Om aanspraak te kunnen maken op de waarborg, dient U de Software, vergezeld van een kopie van de aankoopkwitantie, binnen deze negentig (90) dagen terug te brengen of sturen naar de plaats waar U de Software heeft aangeschaft. Indien de Software niet in hoofdzaak volgens de Documentatie functioneert, blijft de gehele en exclusieve aansprakelijkheid van Adobe en haar leveranciers, alsmede Uw enige recht op vergoeding, beperkt tot hetzij vervanging van de Software, hetzij restitutie van de licentievergoeding die U voor de Software heeft betaald, naar keuze van Adobe. ADOBE EN HAAR LEVERANCIERS GEVEN GEEN EN KUNNEN GEEN WAARBORGEN VERLENEN MET BETREKKING TOT DE PRESTATIES OF DE RESULTATEN DIE U DOOR HET GEBRUIK VAN DE SOFTWARE OF DE DOCUMENTATIE KUNT BEREIKEN. HET VOORMELDE VORMT DE ENIGE EN UITSLUITENDE VERHAALSMOGELIJKHEID WAAROP U OP BASIS VAN DE BEPERKTE WAARBORG JEGENS ADOBE OF HAAR TOELEVERANCIERS AANSPRAAK KUNT MAKEN IN VERBAND MET ENIGERLEI SCHENDING VAN WAARBORGEN. BEHOUDENS DE VOORGAANDE BEPERKTE WAARBORG VERLENEN ADOBE EN HAAR LEVERANCIERS NOCH UITDRUKKELIJKE, NOCH IMPLICIETE WAARBORGEN MET BETREKKING TOT NIET-SCHENDING VAN RECHTEN VAN DERDEN, GENOEGZAME KWALITEIT, VERHANDELBAARHEID OF GESCHIKTHEID VOOR ENIG SPECIFIEK DOEL. ADOBE EN HAAR TOELEVERANCIERS ZIJN IN GEEN GEVAL AANSPRAKELIJK VOOR GEVOLGSCHADE OF ENIGE VORM VAN INCIDENTELE OF BIJZONDERE SCHADE, INCLUSIEF GEDERFDE WINST OF BESPARINGEN, ZELFS WANNEER EEN VERTEGENWOORDIGER VAN ADOBE IN KENNIS IS GESTELD VAN HET FEIT DAT DERGELIJKE SCHADE MOGELIJK ZOU KUNNEN OPTREDEN, EN EVENMIN VOOR VORDERINGEN VAN DERDEN.

De voorafgaande aansprakelijkheidsbeperkingen doen geen afbreuk aan rechten die een consument als partij bij deze Overeenkomst kan ontlenen aan eventueel toepasselijke bepalingen van dwingend recht.

Sommige staten of rechtsgebieden staan de uitsluiting of beperkingen van gevolgschade of incidentele of bijzondere schade of de uitsluiting van impliciete waarborgen, of beperkingen van de geldigheidsperiode van een impliciete waarborg niet toe, zodat de bovenstaande beperkingen mogelijk niet op U van toepassing zijn. Voor zover geoorloofd, zijn alle impliciete waarborgen beperkt tot negentig (90) dagen. Deze waarborg verleent U specifieke wettelijke rechten. U kunt daarnaast ook andere rechten hebben, die van staat tot staat of van rechtsgebied tot rechtsgebied verschillen. Voor nadere informatie over de waarborg dient U contact op te nemen met Adobe Customer Service.

6. Toepasselijk recht en algemene bepalingen. Deze Overeenkomst wordt beheerst door Belgisch recht (met uitsluiting van elke toepassing van conflict regels). De toepasselijkheid van het Weens Koopverdrag 1980 (CISG), het Verdrag houdende een Eenvormige Wet inzake de Totstandkoming van Internationale Koopovereenkomsten betreffende Roerende Lichamelijke Zaken, het Verdrag houdende een Eenvormige Wet inzake de Internationale Koop van Roerende Lichamelijke Zaken, en alle op basis van deze verdragen opgestelde (eenvormige) wetgeving wordt uitdrukkelijk uitgesloten. 

Indien enig deel van deze Overeenkomst nietig of niet uitvoerbaar mocht blijken, laat dit de geldigheid van de overige bepalingen van de Overeenkomst onverlet, deze overige bepalingen zullen als voorheen geldig en uitvoerbaar blijven. U verbindt zich ertoe de Software niet te vervoeren, over te brengen of te exporteren naar landen, of te gebruiken op manieren die zijn verboden op grond van de Export Administration Act (wet op de exportadministratie) van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika of enige andere exportwetten, -beperkingen of -regels. Deze Overeenkomst zal van rechtswege ontbonden zijn in geval U de voorwaarden ervan niet naleeft. Deze Overeenkomst kan alleen schriftelijk worden gewijzigd door middel van een verklaring getekend door een persoon, die daartoe door Adobe is gevolmachtigd.

Dit is de gehele Overeenkomst tussen Adobe en U, aangaande de Software en Documentatie. Deze Overeenkomst vervangt alle vorige representaties, discussies, waarborgen, licentie-overeenkomsten met eindgebruikers, communicaties en reclame met betrekking tot de Software en Documentatie.

U gaat met Adobe akkoord dat het bewijs van de aanvaarding en het bestaan van onderhavige Overeenkomst genoegzaam wordt bewezen door de electronische registratie van Uw gegeven goedkeuring door het klikken op het juiste vakje en/of door het feit dat de Software werd geïnstalleerd. U aanvaardt dat wordt afgeweken van artikel 1325 van het Belgisch Burgelijk Wetboek, en voor zoveel als nodig, van de andere artikelen van het Burgelijk Wetboek houdende het bewijs der verbintenissen, die met onderhavig Overeenkomst zouden tegenstrijdig zijn.

7. Kennisgeving aan de overheid van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika als eindgebruiker.  De Software en Documentatie zijn "Commercial Items" (commerciële artikelen),  zoals gedefinieerd in art. 48 C.F.R. § 2.101, en omvat "Commercial Computer Software" (commerciële computersoftware) en "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (documentatie bij commerciële computersoftware) zoals gedefinieerd in art. 48 C.F.R. § 12.212 of art. 48 C.F.R. § 227.7202, voor zover van toepassing. In navolging van art. 48 C.F.R. § 12.212 of art. 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 t/m 227.7202-4, voor zover van toepassing, wordt het gebruik van "Commercial Computer Software" en "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" in licentie gegeven aan de overheid van de V.S. als eindgebruiker (i) uitsluitend als "Commercial Items" en (ii) met geen andere dan de rechten zoals deze aan alle andere eindgebruikers worden verleend conform de in deze Overeenkomst opgenomen voorwaarden en overeenkomsten.

Rechten op niet-gepubliceerde werken worden voorbehouden krachtens de wet op het auteursrecht van de Verenigde Staten van Amerika. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Voor toekomstige referentie kunt U toegang krijgen tot een kopie van deze Licentie-Overeenkomst met Eindgebruikers nadat U de Software heeft geïnstalleerd. Indien U vragen heeft over deze Overeenkomst of indien U informatie van Adobe wilt aanvragen, kunt U gebruik maken van de bijgesloten adresinformatie om contact op te nemen met een vestiging van Adobe, of schrijven naar Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Schotland EH11 4DU, Verenigd Koninkrijk, telefax: 00-44-131-453-4422.

Adobe is een handelsmerk van Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh is een geregistreerd handelsmerk van Apple Computer, Inc. Windows is een geregistreerd handelsmerk van Microsoft Corporation.

U GELIEVE ONDERSTAAND UW ACCEPTATIE OF UW WEIGERING VAN DE BOVENSTAANDE OVEREENKOMST AAN TE GEVEN DOOR TE KLIKKEN OP HET TOEPASSELIJKE VAKJE. INDIEN U NIET AKKOORD GAAT MET DEZE OVEREENKOMST WORDT DE INSTALLATIEPROCEDURE AFGEBROKEN. OM DE SOFTWARE TE KUNNEN INSTALLEREN, MOET U AKKOORD GAAN MET DE BOVENSTAANDE OVEREENKOMST.



Brazil
Para 1 Computador

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrato Eletrônico de Licenciamento para Usuário Final 
Versão Brasiliera

PARA FAZER JUS AOS BENEFÍCIOS DO REGISTRO, QUEIRA ENVIAR-NOS FORMULÁRIO DE REGISTRO PORVENTURA ANEXO

AVISO AO USUÁRIO: ISTO É UM CONTRATO ENTRE VOCÊ E A ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), UMA EMPRESA CONSTITUÍDA SOB AS LEIS DO ESTADO DE DELAWARE, E.U.A.  AO INDICAR SUA ACEITAÇÃO ABAIXO, VOCÊ ESTARÁ ACEITANDO TODOS OS TERMOS E CONDIÇÕES DESTE CONTRATO. Este Contrato de Licenciamento para Usário Final acompanha um produto de software da Adobe® (o "Software") e seus respectivos impressos explicativos (a "Documentação"). O termo "Software" deverá incluir qualquer atualização, versões modificadas, adições e cópias do Software licenciado a você pela Adobe. Você deve ler atentamente este Contrato antes de indicar sua aceitação no final do documento. Caso não concorde com os termos e condições, manifeste expressamente sua discordância no local apontado para tanto. Caso discorde dos termos abaixo, você não poderá usar o Software - remeta a mídia, juntamente com o restante do conteúdo do pacote, para Adobe ou para o local onde você o adquiriu para obter o reembolso da quantia paga. 

A Adobe concede a você uma licença não-exclusiva para o uso do Software e da Documentação, contanto que você concorde com o seguinte:

1. Uso do Software. 
1.1. Você poderá instalar o Software em um único local do disco rígido ou de outro dispositivo de armazenamento, até o limite de computadores indicado no canto superior esquerdo ("Número Permitido de Computadores") deste Contrato.
1.2. Se o Software estiver configurado para uso em rede, você poderá instalar e usar o Software em um único servidor de arquivos para uso em uma única rede local, com qualquer um dos seguintes objetivos, mas não com ambos:
  (a) instalação(ões) permanente(s) em um disco rígido ou em outro dispositivo de armazenamento, até o Número Permitido de Computadores; ou
  (b) uso do Software na rede, contanto que o número de computadores diferentes que utilizam o Software não exceda o Número Permitido de Computadores. Por exemplo, se houver 100 computadores conectados ao servidor, com não mais que 15 computadores utilizando o Software ao mesmo tempo, porém o Software será utilizado em 25 computadores diferentes em momentos diversos, o Número Permitido de Computadores para os quais você necessita de licença é de 25.
1.3. Você poderá exibir, modificar, reproduzir e distribuir qualquer fotografia, amostragem ou outros trabalhos artísticos, no todo ou em parte, que estejam incluídos no Software (salvo quando um aviso específico indicar o contrário), desde que essas fotografias, amostragens ou trabalhos artístico não sejam distribuídos para um computador autônomo. Essas fotografias, amostragens e trabalhos de arte não podem ser utilizados na produção de material indecente, obsceno ou pornográfico.
1.4. Você poderá fazer uma cópia de segurança do Software, contanto que a sua cópia de segurança não venha a ser instalada ou utilizada em nenhum computador. 

1.5. USO DOMÉSTICO. O usuário principal de cada computador no qual o Software venha a ser instalado ou utilizado poderá, também, instalar o Software em um computador doméstico ou portátil. Todavia, o Software não poderá ser utilzado no segundo computador por outra pessoa, se estiver sendo utilizado, ao mesmo tempo, no primeiro computador.

1.6. PROGRAMAS-FONTE. Se o Software incluir programas-fonte, você poderá:
(a) Utilizar os programas-fonte da maneira descrita acima, em Número Permitido de Computadores e carregar os programas-fonte em qualquer dispositivo de saida conectado a esses computadores.
(b) Se o Número Permitido de Computadores for igual ou menor do que cinco, transferir os programas-fonte para a memória (disco rígido ou RAM) de um dispositivo de saída conectado a, pelo menos, um desses computadores, a fim de que esses programas-fonte permaneçam residentes no dispositivo de saída, assim como para a memória de um dispositivo de saída adicional para cada múltiplo de cinco representado pelo Número Permitido de Computadores.
(c) Fazer uma cópia do(s) programa(s)-fonte utilizado(s) em um arquivo especifico para uma impressora comerical ou para outro bureau de serviços que poderá utilizar a(s) fonte(s) para processar seu arquivo, desde que seja informado de que obteve, por meio de compra ou concessão, licença para utilizar os programas-fonte especificos.
(d) Converter e instalar o programa-fonte em outro formato para uso em outros ambientes, desde que as seguintes condições sejam atendidas: o computador onde o programa-fonte convertido será usado ou instalado deverá estar dentre o Número Permitido de Computadores. Você concorda que o uso do programa-fonte convertido estará de acordo com todos os termos e condiçôes deste Contrato, que dito programa-fonte será usado somente para seus próprios negócios internos ou para seu uso pessoal, e que dito programa-fonte não será distribuído ou transferido para fim algum, com exceção das disposições do parágrafo 3, abaixo.

2. Direcitos Autorais. O Software pertence á Adobe e a seus fornecedores e sua estrutura, organizção e código são segredos comerciais valiosos da Adobe e de seus fornecedores. O Software é também protegido pela Lei de Direitos Autorais dos Estados Unidos e por Tratados Internacionais. Você deve tratar o Software da mesma maneira como trataria qualquer material protegido pelo direito autoral, assim como um livro. Você não pode copiar o Software ou a Documentação, exceto conforme disposto na seção "Uso do Software". Quaisquer cópias que você tenha permissão para fazer de acordo com o disposto neste Contrato devem conter a mesma marca de copyright e outras menções a direitos de propriedade que acompanhem o Software ou sejam mencionadas nele. Com exceção das conversões do programa-fonte para outros formatos conforme permitido na seção "Uso do Software", você concorda em não modificar, adaptar ou traduzir o Software. Você também concorda em não realizar engenharia reversa, descompilar, desmontar ou tentar, de qualquer outra forma, descobrir o código-fonte do Software. Marcas registradas devem ser utilizadas de acordo com a prática aceita de marcas registradas, incluindo a indentificação do nome do titular da marca registrada. Marcas registradas somente podem ser utilizadas para identificar impressos produzidos pelo Software. O uso de qualquer marca registrada não lhe confere nenhum direito de propriedade sobre a marca. Salvo disposição em contrário, este Contrato não lhe confere quaisquer direitos autorais sobre o Software.

3. Transferência. Você não poderá alugar, arrendar, sublicenciar ou emprestar o Software ou Documentação. Você poderá, entretanto, transferir todos os seus direitos de uso do Software e Documentação para outra pessoa ou entidade legal, desde que (i) você transfira este acordo, o Software, incluindo todas as cópias, atualizações e versões anteriores e todas as cópias do Software de fonte convertidas para outros formatos, e a Documentação para tal pessoa ou entidade, (ii) você não reterá nenhuma cópia, incluindo cópias armazenadas em um computador, e (iii) que a parte recebedora concorda com os termos e condições deste Contrato. 

4.Software de Ambiente Múltiplo/Software de Linguagem Múltipla/Software de Midia Dupla/Cópias/Atualizações Múltiplas. Se esta embalagem contiver ou, em decorrência da aquisição do Software contido nesta embalagem, você receber duas ou mais versões de ambiente operacional do Software (isto é, Macintosh® e Windows®), duas ou mais versões de tradução de linguagem do Software, o mesmo Software em dois ou mais meios (isto é, disquetes e um CD-ROM), e/ou receber, de qualquer outra forma, duas ou mais cópias do Software, o número total de computadores em que todas as versões do Software sejam usadas não poderá exceder o Número Permitido de Computadores. Você poderá fazer uma cópia de segurança, de acordo com os termos deste Contrato, para cada versão do Software utilizado. Você não poderá alugar, dar arrendamento mercantil, sublicenciar, emprestar ou ceder versões ou cópias do Software que você não utilize, nem o Software contido em qualquer meio que você não utilize, salvo como parte da transferência definitiva da totalidade do Software e da Documentação conforme descrito acima. Se você adquiriu uma atualização para o Software, a versão anterior poderá ser utilizada por noventa (90) dias após o recebimento da nova versão, para ajudá-lo na transição. Após noventa (90) dias, você não terá permissão para usar a versão anterior.

5. Garantia Limitada. A Adobe garante a você que o Software funcionará substancialmente de acordo com a Documentação pelo período de 90 (noventa) dias após o recebimento do Software. Esta garantia não se aplica as conversões do programa-fonte para outros formatos. Para fazer uma reclamação, você deve devolver o Software ao local em que o obteve, juntamente com uma cópia da nota fiscal, dentro desse periódo de 90 (noventa) dias. SE O SOFTWARE NÃO FUNCIONAR SUBSTANCIALMENTE DE ACORDO COM A DOCUMENTAÇAO, A RESPONSABILIDADE E AS MEDIDAS A SEREM TOMADAS COM BASE NESTA GARANTIA LIMITADA RESTRINGIR-SE-ÃO, A CRITÉRIO DA ADOBE, OU Á SUBSTITUIÇÃO DO SOFTWARE, OU AO REEMBOLSO DA TAXA DE LICENCIAMENTO PAGA PELO SOFTWARE. A ADOBE E SEUS FORNECEDORES NÃO GARANTEM NEM PODEM GARANTIR O DESEMPENHO OU OS RESULTADOS QUE VOCÊ PODERÁ OBTER COM O USO DO SOFTWARE OU DA DOCUMENTAÇÃO. O DISPOSTO ACIMA REPRESENTA A ÚNICA MEDIDA QUE PODERÁ SER TOMADA EM CASO DE INFRAÇÃO DA GARANTIA POR PARTE DA ADOBE E DE SEUS FORNECEDORES. EXCETO PELA GARANTIA LIMITADA ACIMA ESTIPULADA, A ADOBE E SEUS FORNECEDORES NÃO GARANTEM, EXPRESSA OU IMPLICITAMENTE, QUE DIREITOS DE TERCEIROS NÃO SEJAM VIOLADOS OU QUE O SOFTWARE SEJA COMERCIALIZÁVEL. SE O CONSUMIDOR FOR UMA PESSOA JURÍDICA, A RESPONSABILIDADE DA ADOBE E DE SEUS FORNECEDORES, QUER FUNDADA EM CONTRATO, QUER EM ATO ILÍCITO (INCLUSIVE NEGLIGÊNCIA), POR PERDAS E DANOS DE QUALQUER NATUREZA, INCLUSIVE DANOS CONSEQÜENTES OU INDIRETOS, LUCROS CESSANTES OU PERDA DE RESERVAS, OU OUTRA PERDA ECONÔMICA, OU POR QUALQUER OUTRA RECLAMAÇÃO DE TERCEIROS, INDEPENDENTEMENTE DA ADOBE OU DE SEUS FORNECEDORES TEREM SIDO COMUNICADOS SOBRE A POSSIBILIDADE DE TAIS DANOS, NÃO EXCEDERÁ O VALOR DO SOFTWARE EM QUESTÁO LICENCIADO PARA TAL CONSUMIDOR. Esta garantia lhe confere direitos especificos, complementares áqueles previstos em lei. Para obter mais informações sobre a garantia, queira entrar em contato com o Departmento de Apoio aos Consumidores da Adobe. 

6. Lei Aplicável e Disposições Gerais. Este Contrato será regido pelas leis em vigor no Brasil, ficando excluídas suas normas de conflito de leis. Este Contrato não será regido pela Convenção sobre Contratos das Nações Unidas para Venda Internacional de Produtos, cuja aplicação está expressamente excluída. Se qualquer uma das cláusulas deste Contrato for considerada nula e sem efeito, isso não afetará a validade do equilíbrio do Contrato, que permanecerá válido e eficaz de acordo com os seus termos. Você concorda em não enviar, transferir ou exportar o Software para outro país ou usá-lo de maneira a infringir a Lei de Administração de Exportações dos Estados Unidos da América do Norte (U.S. Export Administration Act) ou qualquer outra lei, norma ou regulamento de exportação. Este Contrato será automaticamente rescindido, se você deixar de cumpri-lo. Este Contrato somente pode ser modificado, por escrito, por um diretor autorizado da Adobe.

Esta é a íntegra do Contrato entre você e a Adobe referente ao Software e à Documentação e substitui qualquer representação, discussão, obrigação anterior, acordo de licença do usuário final, comunicações ou propaganda referente ao Software e à Documentação. 

7. Nota para os usuários finais do Governo dos Estados Unidos. O Software e a Documentação são "Commercial Items" (itens comerciais), conforme definição deste termo no 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consistindo em "Commercial Computer Software" (Software de Computador Comercial) e "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Documentação do Software de Computador Comercial) conforme o uso de tais termos no 48 C.F.R. §12.212 ou 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, se aplicável de acordo com 48 C.F.R. §12.212 ou 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 a 227.7202-4, se aplicável o "Commercial Computer Software" e "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" estão sendo licenciados para os usuários finais do Governo Americano (i) somente como "Commercial Items" e (ii) com somente os direitos concedidos para todos os outros usuários finais, de acordo com os termos e condições aqui estipulados. 

Direitos reservados não publicados sob os direitos autorais das leis dos Estados Unidos. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, E.U.A. 


Adobe é uma marca registrada de Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh é uma marca registrada da Apple Computer, Inc. Windows é uma marca registrada de Microsoft Corporation.



Finland
1:lle tietokoneelle 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Loppukäyttäjän Elektroninen Lisenssisopimus
Suomalainen versio

SAADAKSENNE REKISTERÖINTIEDUT TEIDÄN TULEE ALLEKIRJOITTAA JA PALAUTTAA KAIKKI OHEISENA SEURAAVAT ILMOITUSLOMAKKEET. 

TIEDOKSI KÄYTTÄJÄLLE: TÄMÄ ON TEIDÄN JA ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE") -NIMISEN YHDYSVALTALAISEN DELAWAREN LAKIEN ALAISENA KAUPPAREKISTERIIN MERKITYN YHTIÖN VÄLINEN SOPIMUS. ILMAISEMALLA HYVÄKSYMISENNE JÄLJEMPÄNÄ HYVÄKSYTTE KAIKKI TÄMÄN SOPIMUKSEN EHDOT JA EDELLYTYKSET. Tätä Adobe Systems Incorporated  Lopukäyttäjän Elektronista Lisenssisopimusta seuraa Adobe® ohjelmistotuote ("Ohjelmisto") ja siihen liittyvä kirjallinen materiaali ("Käyttöohjeet"). Termi Ohjelmisto käsittää myös kaikki Adoben teille lisensoiman Ohjelmiston päivitykset, muunnetut ja päivitetyt versiot, lisäykset ja kopiot.Lukekaa tämä sopimus huolellisesti ennen kuin ilmaisette hyväksymisenne tämän sopimustekstin lopussa. Jos ette hyväksy tämän sopimuksen ehtoja ja edellytyksiä, ilmaiskaa kieltäytymisenne sitä varten osoitetussa kohdassa. Jos ilmaisette kieltäytymisenne, ette voi käyttää Ohjelmistoa. Palauttakaa Ohjelmisto yhdessä pakkauksen muun sisällön kanssa Adobelle tai sinne, mistä pakkauksen hankitte.

Tämä on lisenssisopimus eikä myyntisopimus. Adobe säilyttää omistusoikeuden tässä pakkauksessa olevaan ohjelmistoon sekä ohjelmistosta valmistettuihin kopioihin, jotka on tehty tätä sopimusta noudattaen. Hyväksyessänne tämän Sopimuksen, Adobe myöntää Teille oikeuden käyttää ohjelmistoa ja käyttöohjeita, edellyttäen että hyväksytte seuraavat ehdot:

1. Ohjelmiston käyttö. 
1.1. Saatte asentaa ohjelmiston niin monen tietokoneen kovalevyn tai muun muistilaitteen yhteen muistipaikkaan kuin tämän lisenssisopimuksen vasemmassa yläkulmassa on ilmoitettu ("Sallitut tietokonemäärät"),
1.2. Edellyttäen, että ohjelmiston asetukset on säädetty verkkokäyttöä varten, saatte asentaa ohjelmiston yhdelle verkkopalvelimelle käytettäväksi yhdessä yksittäisessä paikallisverkossa jompaan kumpaan (mutta ei molempiin) seuraavista tarkoituksista:
  (a) asennettavaksi enintään sallittua tietokonemäärää vastaavien tietokoneiden kovalevylle tai muulle muistilaitteelle; tai
  (b) käyttää ohjelmistoa tällaisessa verkossa edellyttäen, että ohjelmistoa käyttävien eri tietokoneiden määrä ei ylitä sallittua tietokonemäärää. Esimerkiksi, jos 100 tietokonetta on kytketty verkkopalvelimelle siten, että samanaikaisesti ohjelmistoa käyttävien tietokoneiden määrä ei ylitä 15, mutta kun 25 eri tietokonetta käyttää ohjelmistoa eri aikoina, tarvitsette lisenssin 25 sallitulle tietokoneen määrälle. 
1.3. Saatte panna näytteille, muuntaa, jäljentää ja jakaa kokonaisia tai osittaisia valokuvia, clip-art-kuvia tai taidekuvia, jotka sisältyvät ohjelmistoon (jos ei toisin ole erikseen ilmoitettu) edellyttäen, että ko. valokuvia, clip-art-kuvia tai taidekuvia ei jaeta irrallisina. Ko. valokuvia, clip-art-kuvia tai taidekuvia ei saa käyttää säädyttömän, siveettömän tai pornografisen materiaalin tuotannossa.
1.4. Saatte valmistaa yhden varmuuskopion ohjelmistosta edellyttäen, että tällaista varmuuskopiota ei asenneta toiseen tietokoneeseen tai käytetä toisessa tietokoneessa.

1.5. KOTIKÄYTTÖ. Jokaisen sellaisen tietokoneen, jolle ohjelmisto on asennettu tai jossa ohjelmistoa käytetään, pääasiallinen käyttäjä saa asentaa ohjelmiston yhteen kotitietokoneeseen tai kannettavaan. Toiset käyttäjät eivät kuitenkaan saa käyttää ohjelmistoa tällaisessa toisessa tietokoneessa samanaikaisesti, kun ohjelmistoa käytetään alkuperäisessä tietokoneessa. 

1.6. KIRJASINOHJELMISTO. Jos ohjelmisto sisältää kirjasinohjelmiston, saatte --
(a) käyttää edellä kuvatulla tavalla kirjasinohjelmistoa sallitussa tietokonemäällällä ja saatte tulostaa tällaisen kirjasinohjelmiston missä tahansa tulostinlaitteella, joka on kytketty tällaisiin tietokoneisiin.
(b) jos sallittu tietokonemäärä on viisi tai vähemmän, siirtää kirjasinohjelmiston yhden tulostinlaitteen muistiin (kovalevylle tai RAM:lle) edellyttäen, että tulostinlaite on kytketty vähintään yhteen sallittuun tietokonemäärään sisältyvään tietokoneeseen. Edellä mainittu siirto on kuitenkin sallittu vain, jos siirron tarkoituksena on pitää kirjasinohjelmisto käyttövalmiina kyseisessä tulostinlaitteessa. Vastaavalla tavalla saatte tallentaa kirjasinohjelmiston yhdelle ylimääräiselle tulostinlaitteelle jokaista viittä sallittua tietokonetta kohti. 
(c) ottaa yhden kopion sellaisesta kirjasimesta tai kirjasimista, joita olette käyttäneet yhdessä yksilöidyssä asiakirjassa, kaupalliselle kirjoittimelle tai muulle palvelutoimistolle. Tämä palvelutoimisto saa käyttää kirjasintyyppejä asiakirjanne tulostuksessa edellyttäen, että tällainen palvelutoimisto on ilmoittanut Teille hankkineensa tai saaneensa käyttölisenssin kyseiseen kirjasinohjelmistoon. 
(d) muuttaa ja asentaa kirjasinohjelmiston toiseen muotoon käytettäväksi muissa käyttöympäristöissä, seuraavilla edellytyksillä: tietokonetta, jossa muutettua kirjasinohjelmistoa käytetään tai johon se asennetaan, pidetään yhtenä sallituista tietokonemääristänne. Hyväksytte sen, että muuttamanne kirjasinohjelmiston käyttö tapahtuu kaikkien tämän sopimuksen ehtojen ja edellytysten mukaisesti, ja että kyseistä kirjasinohjelmistoa saatte käyttää ainoastaan omaan tavanomaiseen sisäiseen liiketoimintaanne tai henkilökohtaiseen käyttöönne, sekä sen, ettei kirjasinohjelmistoa saa jaella tai siirtää missään tarkoituksessa, paitsi jäljempänä olevan kohdan 3 mukaisesti. 

2. Tekijänoikeudet.  Ohjelmisto on Adoben ja sen alihankkijoiden omaisuutta ja se on Yhdysvaltojen tekijänoikeuslakien, valtioiden välisten sopimusten ja Suomen asianomaisten lakien suojaama. Ohjelmiston rakenne, järjestelmä ja koodi ovat Adoben ja sen alihankkijoiden arvokkaita liikesalaisuuksia ja luottamuksellista tietoa. Teidän on käsiteltävä ohjelmistoa samalla tavalla kuin mitä tahansa muuta tekijänoikeudella suojattua aineistoa kuten esim. kirjoja. Ette saa jäljentää ohjelmistoa tai käyttöohjeita muuten kuin "Ohjelmiston käyttö" -kohdassa määritellyissä tilanteissa. Jokaisen sellaisen ohjelmistokopion, joka Teillä tämän sopimuksen perusteella on oikeus tehdä, tulee sisältää samat tekijänoikeus- ja muut omistusoikeutta koskevat merkinnät, jotka sisältyvät alkuperäisohjelmistoon. Lukuun ottamatta muihin muotoihin muutettuja kirjasinohjelmistoja, mikä on sallittu kohdassa "Ohjelmiston käyttö", lupaatte, että ette muuntele, sovita, käännä, pura koodia tai muulla tavalla yritä löytää ohjelmiston lähdekoodia. Tavaramerkkejä on käytettävä yleisen tavaramerkkikäytännön mukaisesti, mm. tavaramerkin haltijan nimi on ilmoitettava aina tavaramerkkiin viitattaessa. Tavaramerkkejä voidaan käyttää ainoastaan tällä ohjelmistolla tulostettujen asiakirjojen tunnistamiseen. Tähän sopimukseen perustuva tavaramerkkien käyttö ei anna Teille mitään oikeuksia itse tavaramerkkiin. Yllä mainittua lukuun ottamatta tämä sopimus ei anna Teille myöskään mitään muita immateriaalisia (aineettomia) oikeuksia ohjelmistoon. 

Siinä määrin kuin paikallinen laki myöntää Teille oikeuden purkaa ohjelmiston koodi hankkiaksenne tarvittavia tietoja ohjelmiston yhteensovittamiseen toisten ohjelmistojen kanssa, Teidän on ensin pyydettävä Adobea toimittamaan tarvitsemanne tiedot. Adobella on oikeus määrätä kohtuulliset ehdot, kuten kohtuullisen maksun, tällaisesta palvelusta. Tietoja voitte pyytää seuraavasta osoitteesta: Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44 (0)131 453 4422.

3. Siirto.  Ohjelmistoa tai Käyttöohjeita ei saa siirtää toiselle vuokraamalla, tekemällä Ohjelmistoa tai sen käyttöohjeita koskevia leasing- tai alilisenssisopimuksia tai lainaamalla. Teillä on kuitenkin oikeus siirtää kaikki Ohjelmiston käyttöön liittyvät oikeutenne toiselle henkilölle tai oikeudelliselle yksikölle edellyttäen, (i) että siirrätte tämän Sopimuksen, Ohjelmiston, mukaan lukien kaikki kopiot, päivitykset, varhaisemmat versiot, kaikki kopiot kirjasinohjelmistosta muutetuissa muodoissaan ja Käyttöohjeet tällaiselle henkilölle tai oikeudelliselle yksikölle, (ii) että Teille ei jää, tietokoneeseen tallennetut kopiot mukaan lukien, ainoatakaan kopiota, ja (iii) että vastaanottajapuoli ottaa vastuulleen tämän sopimuksen ehdot. 

4. Usean ympäristön ohjelmisto / useankielinen ohjelmisto / kahden median ohjelmisto / useita kopioita / päivitykset.  Jos tämä pakkaus sisältää tai jos tähän pakkaukseen sisällytetyn ohjelmiston hankkimisen yhteydessä saatte ohjelmistosta kaksi tai useita sellaisia versioita, joita käytetään eri käyttöympäristöissä (esim. MacIntosh ja Windows®) tai jotka ovat erikielisiä tai saman ohjelmiston tallennettuna kahdelle tai useammalle medialle (kuten disketeille ja CD-ROMille) ja/tai jos muuten saatte kaksi tai useampia kopioita ohjelmistosta, niiden tietokoneiden yhteenlaskettu kokonaismäärä, joissa ohjelmistoversioita käytetään, ei saa ylittää sallittua tietokonemäärää. Teillä on oikeus valmistaa jokaisesta käyttämästänne ohjelmistoversiosta yksi varmuuskopio tämän sopimuksen määräysten mukaisesti. Ette saa lainata, vuokrata tai siirtää sellaisia ohjelmistoversioita tai -kopioita, joita ette käytä tai jotka sisältyvät sellaiseen mediaan, joka ei ole käytössä, muuten kuin yllä mainitun koko ohjelmistoa tai käyttöohjeita koskevan pysyvän siirron yhteydessä. 

Mikäli hankitte ohjelmiston päivityksen tai päivitetyn version, saatte käyttää aikaisempaa versiota uuteen versioon siirtymisen helpottamiseksi yhdeksänkymmenen (90) päivän ajan uuden version vastaanottamisesta, jonka jälkeen Teillä ei enää ole oikeutta käyttää aikaisempaa versiota.

5. Rajoitettu takuu.  Adobe takaa Teille, että ohjelmisto toimii olennaisilta osiltaan Käyttöohjeiden mukaisesti yhdeksänkymmenen (90) päivän ajan ohjelmiston vastaanottamisesta. Tämä takuu ei koske kirjasinohjelmistoa, joka on muutettu toiseen muotoon. Tehdessänne takuuta koskevan vaatimuksen Teidän on palautettava ohjelmisto sekä ostokuitti 90 päivän takuuajan kuluessa sille jälleenmyyjälle, jolta hankitte ohjelmiston. Jos ohjelmisto ei toimi olennaisilta osiltaan Käyttöohjeiden mukaisesti, Adoben, sen alihankkijoiden sekä jälleenmyyjien koko vastuu ja Teidän oikeutenne rajoittuu, Adoben valinnan mukaan joko uuden ohjelmiston toimittamiseen tai Ohjelmistosta maksamanne lisenssimaksun palauttamiseen.

ADOBE JA SEN ALIHANKKIJAT EIVÄT TAKAA EIVÄTKÄ VOI TAATA NIITÄ TOIMINTOJA TAI TULOKSIA, JOITA MAHDOLLISESTI SAATTE KÄYTTÄESSÄNNE OHJELMISTOA TAI KÄYTTÖOHJEITA. EDELLÄ MAINITUSSA MÄÄRITELLÄÄN KOKO OIKEUS VAHINGONKORVAUKSEEN ADOBEN TAI SEN ALIHANKKIJOIDEN TAKUURIKKOMUKSEN JOHDOSTA. EDELLÄ MAINITUN RAJOITETUN TAKUUN LISÄKSI ADOBE JA SEN ALIHANKKIJAT EIVÄT ANNA MITÄÄN NIMENOMAISTA TAKUUTA SIITÄ, ETTÄ OHJELMISTO EI LOUKKAA KOLMANSIEN OIKEUKSIA, ETTÄ OHJELMISTO OLISI KAUPALLISESTI KÄYTTÖKELPOINEN, ETTÄ SE ON LAADULTAAN TYYDYTTÄVÄ, TAI ETTÄ SE SOVELTUISI JOHONKIN TIETTYYN TARKOITUKSEEN, EIKÄ TÄLLAISTA TAKUUTA VOIDA MYÖSKÄÄN ILMAN NIMENOMAISTA SITOUMUSTA OLETTAA (IMPLIED WARRANTY). ADOBE TAI SEN ALIHANKKIJAT EIVÄT MISSÄÄN OLOSUHTEISSA VASTAA VÄLILLISISTÄ, SATUNNAISISTA TAI ERIKOISISTA VAHINGOISTA, EI MENETETYISTÄ VOITOISTA TAI HÄVITYISTÄ SÄÄSTÖISTÄ, VAIKKA ADOBEN EDUSTAJALLE OLISI KERROTTU TÄLLAISTEN VAHINKOJEN MAHDOLLISUUKSISTA. ADOBE TAI SEN ALIHANKKIJAT EIVÄT MYÖSKÄÄN MISSÄÄN TAPAUKSESSA OLE VASTUUSSA MINKÄÄNLAISESTA KOLMANNEN OSAPUOLEN KORVAUSPYYNNÖSTÄ. 

Mikään tässä sopimuksessa ei rajoita kuluttajana olevan osapuolen lakiin perustuvia oikeuksia. 

Jotkut osavaltiot tai oikeusjärjestykset eivät salli satunnaisten, välillisten tai erikoisten vahinkojen poissulkemista tai rajoitusta, tai että takuu, jonka olemassaolo oletetaan ilman nimenomaista sitoumusta (implied warranty), olisi asiallisesti tai ajallisesti rajoitettu, joten yllä mainitut rajoitukset eivät mahdollisesti koske Teitä. Sikäli, kun se on sallittua, takuu on kaikilta osin rajoitettu 90 päivään. Tämä takuu antaa Teille erityiset lailliset oikeudet. On mahdollista, että Teillä on myös muita oikeuksia, jotka vaihtelevat osavaltiosta ja oikeusjärjestyksestä toiseen. Mikäli haluatte lisätietoja takuuasioista, olkaa hyvä ja ottakaa yhteyttä Adoben asiakaspalveluosastoon (Adobe Customer Support Department).

6. Sovellettava laki ja yleiset määräykset.   Tähän sopimukseen sovelletaan Suomen lakia (lukuun ottamatta kyseisen maan lainvalintasääntöjä). Tähän Sopimukseen ei sovelleta United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the Uniform Law on the Formation of Agreements for the International Sale of Goods, tai the Uniform Law on the International Sale of Goods, eikä minkään oikeusjärjestyksen lakia, sääntöä tai säännöstöä joka perustuu niihin. Kaikkien edellä mainittujen säännösten soveltaminen tähän sopimukseen on nimenomaisesti poissuljettu. Jos ilmenee, että joku osa tästä sopimuksesta on mitätön tai täytäntöönpanokelvoton, tällainen mitättömyys tai täytäntöönpanokelvottomuus ei vaikuta sopimuksen jäljelle jäävien osien pätevyyteen, vaan sopimus säilyy muilta osin pätevänä ja täytäntöönpanokelpoisena ehtojensa mukaisesti. Sitoudutte siihen, että ette vie tätä ohjelmistoa sellaiseen maahan tai muuten käytä sellaisella tavalla, joka on United States Export and Administration Act -säännöksissä tai muissa maastavientilaeissa, rajoituksissa tai säännöksissä kielletty. Tämän sopimuksen voimassaolo päättyy välittömästi, jos rikotte sen ehtoja. Tätä sopimusta voidaan muuttaa ainoastaan kirjallisesti edellyttäen, että Adoben siihen oikeutettu työntekijä allekirjoittaa muutoksen.

Tämä on Adoben ja Teidän välinen Ohjelmistoa ja käyttöohjeita ("Documentation") koskeva kokonaissopimus, joka syrjäyttää kaikki aiemmat Ohjelmistoa ja käyttöohjeita koskevat esitykset, keskustelut, sitoumukset, loppukäyttäjän lisenssisopimukset, kommunikoinnin ja mainonnan. 

7. Tiedotus Yhdysvaltojen valtion palveluksessa oleville käyttäjille. Ohjelmisto ja käyttöohjeet ovat "Commercial Items" (kauppatavaroita), kuten termi on määritetty kappaleessa 48 C.F.R §2.101 ja sisältää kappaleissa 48 C.F.R. §12.212 tai 48 C.F.R. §227.7202 käytetyt asianomaiset termit "Commercial Computer Software" (kaupallinen tietokoneohjelmisto) ja "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (kaupallisen tietokoneohjelmiston käyttöohjeet). Asianmukaisen kappaleen 48 C.F.R. §12.212 tai 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 -- 227.7202-4 mukaisesti "Commercial Computer Software" ja "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" on lisensioitu Yhdysvaltojen valtion palveluksessa oleville käyttäjille (i) vain termin "Commercial Items" alaisena ja (ii) vain nillä oikeuksilla, jotka on myönnetty kaikille muille loppukäyttäjille tässä mainittujen ehtojen mukaisesti.

Julkaisemattomat oikeudet pidätetty Yhdysvaltojen tekijänoikeuslain mukaisesti. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Tulevaa tarvettanne varten kopio tästä Loppukäyttäjän Lisenssisopimuksesta on käytettävissänne sen jälkeen, kun olette asentanut Ohjelmiston. Jos Teillä on tätä sopimusta koskevia kysymyksiä tai jos haluatte lisätietoja Adobelta, ottakaa yhteyttä tämän sopimuksen liitteenä olevassa osoitteessa mainittuun Adoben paikalliseen palvelupisteeseen maassanne tai kirjoittakaa Adoben asiakaspalveluun, osoite: Customer Service Department Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe on Adobe Systems Incorporated'in tavaramerkki. MacIntosh on Apple Computer, Inc.'in rekisteröity tavaramerkki. Windows on Microsoft Corporationin rekisteröity tavaramerkki.

ILMAISKAA TÄTÄ SOPIMUSTA KOSKEVA HYVÄKSYMISENNE TAI KIELTÄYTYMISENNE OSOITTAMALLA ALAPUOLELLA OLEVAA VASTAAVAA PAINIKETTA.




France
Pour 1 Ordinateur

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrat de licence électronique de l'utilisateur final
Version Française

VEUILLEZ RETOURNER TOUT FORMULAIRE D'ENREGISTREMENT ACCOMPAGNANT LE PRODUIT AFIN DE BÉNÉFICIER DES AVANTAGES DE L'INSCRIPTION.

Si vous êtes établi sur le territoire français lors de la conclusion du présent Contrat, les dispositions suivantes s'appliquent :

NOTE A L'UTILISATEUR: CECI EST UN CONTRAT CONCLU ENTRE VOUS-MÊME ET ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), SOCIÉTÉ INCORPORÉE EN CONFORMITÉ AVEC LA LEGISLATION DE L'ÉTAT AMERICAIN DE DELAWARE. EN INDIQUANT VOTRE ACCORD CI-DESSOUS, VOUS ACCEPTEZ TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DE CE CONTRAT. Ce Contrat de Licence de l'Utilisateur Final d'Adobe Systems Incorporated accompagne un logiciel informatique Adobe® ("Logiciel") et des documents écrits expliquant l'utilisation du Logiciel ("Documentation"). Par le terme de "Logiciel", on entend également les mises à niveau, versions modifiées, mises à jour, additions et copies du Logiciel dont Adobe vous a accordé la licence. Avant d'indiquer votre acceptation à la fin du texte de ce Contrat, vous devez le lire avec attention. Si vous n'acceptez pas les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat, veuillez le préciser à l'endroit indiqué, vous ne serez alors plus autorisé à utiliser le Logiciel. Dans ce cas, veuillez retourner le Logiciel et tous les autres articles de l'emballage à Adobe ou au distributeur auprès duquel vous vous l'êtes procuré. 

Le présent Contrat est un contrat de licence, et non un contrat de vente. Adobe demeure propriétaire de la copie du Logiciel contenue dans l'emballage, de son support, et de toute autre copie que le présent Contrat vous autorise à exécuter. Adobe vous accorde une licence non-exclusive pour utiliser le Logiciel et la Documentation, à condition que vous acceptiez ce qui suit :

1. Utilisation du Logiciel. 
1.1. Vous êtes autorisé à installer le Logiciel dans un site, sur un disque dur ou sur tout autre périphérique de stockage d'ordinateur, sur le nombre maximum d'ordinateurs indiqué dans le coin supérieur gauche ("Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs") du présent Contrat.
1.2. À condition qu'il soit configuré pour une utilisation sur réseau, vous êtes autorisé à installer et utiliser le Logiciel, sur un seul serveur de fichiers, pour utilisation sur un seul réseau local pour l'un ou l'autre (mais non les deux) des buts suivants :
  (a) installation permanente sur un disque dur ou sur un autre périphérique de stockage sur, au maximum, le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs; ou
  (b) utilisation du Logiciel sur ce réseau, à condition que le nombre des différents ordinateurs sur lesquels le Logiciel est utilisé n'excède pas le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Par exemple, s'il y a 100 ordinateurs reliés au serveur, avec jamais plus de 15 ordinateurs utilisant simultanément le Logiciel, alors que le Logiciel est utilisé sur 25 ordinateurs différents à des moments variés, le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs pour lequel une licence vous sera nécessaire sera de 25.
1.3. Vous êtes autorisé à afficher, modifier, reproduire et distribuer toute photographie, tout clip art ou tout autre ouvrage artistique, en totalité ou en partie, qui figure dans le Logiciel (sauf indication contraire dûment mentionnée), à condition que ces photographies, clip arts ou ouvrages artistiques ne soient pas distribués séparément. Ces photographies, ces clip arts et ces ouvrages artistiques ne peuvent pas être utilisés pour produire des matériaux obscènes, pornographiques ou lubriques.
1.4. Vous êtes autorisé à faire une copie de sauvegarde du Logiciel, à condition que votre copie de sauvegarde ne soit pas installée ou utilisée sur quelqu'ordinateur que ce soit.

1.5. UTILISATION CHEZ SOI. L'utilisateur principal de chaque ordinateur sur lequel est installé ou utilisé le Logiciel est également autorisé à installer le Logiciel sur un ordinateur domestique ou portable. Cependant, il n'est pas permis qu'une autre personne utilise en même temps le Logiciel sur l'ordinateur secondaire lorsque le Logiciel est utilisé sur l'ordinateur principal.

1.6 LOGICIEL DE POLICES DE CARACTÈRES. Si le Logiciel comprend un logiciel de polices de caractères, vous êtes autorisé à:
(a) Utiliser le logiciel de polices de caractères comme indiqué ci-dessus sur le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs et à le sortir sur tout périphérique de sortie raccordé à ces ordinateurs.
(b) Si le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs est de cinq ou moins, transférer le logiciel de polices de caractères sur la mémoire (disque dur ou RAM) d'un périphérique de sortie raccordé à au moins l'un de ces ordinateurs dans le but de posséder un logiciel de polices de caractères résidant en permanence dans le périphérique de sortie, et sur celle d'un périphérique de sortie comparable en plus pour chaque multiple de cinq représenté par le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. 
(c) Effectuer une copie de la police (des polices) de caractères que vous avez utilisée(s) pour réaliser un fichier spécifique et à la (les) remettre à un imprimeur commercial ou à un autre prestataire de services de bureautique, lequel pourra utiliser la police (les polices) pour traiter votre fichier, le tout à condition que ce prestataire vous ait informé qu'il bénéficie d'une licence lui permettant d'utiliser ce logiciel de polices de caractères spécifique.
(d) Convertir et à installer le logiciel de polices de caractères dans un autre format afin de l'utiliser dans d'autres environnements, sous réserve des conditions suivantes:  un ordinateur sur lequel le logiciel de polices de caractères converti est utilisé ou installé, est considéré comme l'une des stations de travail à inclure dans le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Vous acceptez que l'utilisation du logiciel de polices de caractères que vous avez converti soit conforme à l'ensemble des clauses et conditions du présent Contrat, que vous ne puissiez l'utiliser que pour les besoins de votre propre activité interne ordinaire ou pour les besoins de votre fonctionnement interne, et qu'il ne soit, sous aucun prétexte, distribué ou transféré, si ce n'est conformément aux conditions stipulées à la section 3 ci-dessous.

2. Droits d'auteur.  Le Logiciel est la propriété intellectuelle d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs. Il est, en outre, protégé par la législation des États-Unis en matière de droits d'auteur, par les dispositions des traités internationaux et par les lois applicables dans le pays où il est utilisé. Sa structure, son organisation et son code sont des secrets commerciaux de valeur et des informations confidentielles appartenant à Adobe et à ses fournisseurs. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à copier le Logiciel ou la Documentation, sauf comme le prévoit la section intitulée "Utilisation du Logiciel". Toute copie que vous êtes autorisée à faire en vertu du présent Contrat doit comporter les mêmes mentions de droits d'auteur et d'autres droits de propriété que celles qui apparaissent sur ou dans le Logiciel. Sous réserve des dispositions de la section intitulée "Utilisation du Logiciel", relatives au logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats, et sous réserve des dispositions de la loi applicable, vous ne devez pas modifier, adapter ou traduire le Logiciel. En outre, sous réserve des dispositions de la loi applicable, vous ne devez pas faire de l'ingéniérie inverse, décompiler, désassembler le Logiciel ou tenter d'une quelconque manière d'en découvrir le code source, et la reproduction du code du Logiciel ou la traduction de la forme de ce code est interdite. Les marques commerciales seront utilisées conformément aux usages en la matière, y compris en ce qui concerne l'identification du nom du propriétaire de la marque. Elles ne peuvent être utilisées que pour identifier des données de sortie imprimées produites par le Logiciel. Une telle utilisation de toute marque commerciale ne vous confère aucun droit de propriété sur cette marque. Le présent Contrat ne vous accorde aucun droit de propriété intellectuelle sur le Logiciel.

Sous réserve des dispositions de la loi applicable, dans la mesure où elle vous accorde le droit de décompiler le Logiciel, de reproduire son code ou de traduire la forme de ce code afin d'obtenir les informations nécessaires pour rendre le Logiciel interopérable avec un autre logiciel, vous devrez d'abord demander à Adobe de vous fournir les informations nécessaires. Dans ce cas, Adobe a le droit d'imposer des conditions raisonnables, notamment le paiement d'une redevance raisonnable. Pour toute information, veuillez vous adresser au Customer Support Department (service clientèle), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimbourg, Ecosse EH11 4DU, Royaume-Uni, télécopie +44-(0)131-453-4422.

3. Transfert. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à donner le Logiciel ou la Documentation en location, en crédit-bail, en sous-licence ou en prêt. Cependant, vous êtes autorisé à transférer tous vos droits d'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation à une autre personne physique ou morale à condition que : (i) vous lui transfériez le présent Contrat, le Logiciel, y compris toutes les copies, mises à jour et versions antérieures, ainsi que toutes les copies du logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats, et la Documentation, et (ii) que vous ne gardiez aucune copie, et notamment aucune copie en mémoire dans l'ordinateur et (iii) que la personne physique ou morale bénéficiant de ce transfert accepte d'être liée par les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat.

4. Logiciel d'environnement multiple / Logiciel de langage multiple / Logiciel sur double support / Copies multiples / Mises à niveau.  Si cet emballage contient, ou si en rapport avec l'acquisition du Logiciel contenu dans cet emballage vous recevez, deux ou plusieurs versions d'environnement d'exploitation du Logiciel (par exemple, Macintosh et Windows®), deux ou plusieurs versions de traduction de langage du Logiciel, le même Logiciel sur deux ou plusieurs supports (par exemple, des disquettes et un disque optique compact) et/ou si vous recevez d'une autre manière deux ou plusieurs copies du Logiciel, le nombre total de l'ensemble des ordinateurs sur lesquels toutes les versions du Logiciel sont utilisées ne doit pas dépasser le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Vous êtes autorisé à faire une copie de sauvegarde, conformément aux termes du présent Contrat, pour chaque version du Logiciel que vous utilisez. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à donner en location, en crédit-bail, en sous-licence ou en prêt, ni encore à transférer les versions ou copies du Logiciel que vous n'utilisez pas ou le Logiciel contenu sur n'importe quel support non utilisé, sauf si cela fait partie du transfert permanent de tout le Logiciel et de toute la Documentation, tel que décrit ci-dessus.

Si vous acquérez une mise à niveau ou une mise à jour du Logiciel, vous êtes autorisé à utiliser la version précédente du Logiciel pendant quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours à compter de la réception de la nouvelle version par vos soins, afin de vous aidez pour l'utilisation de la nouvelle version. Après cette période, vous n'êtes plus autorisé à utiliser la version précédente du Logiciel.

5. Garantie limitée.  Adobe vous garantit que le Logiciel fonctionnera fondamentalement en conformité avec la Documentation, pendant quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours à compter de la réception du Logiciel par vos soins. Cette garantie ne s'applique pas au logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats. Pour formuler une réclamation dans le cadre de la garantie, vous devez retourner le Logiciel à l'endroit où vous vous l'êtes procuré, accompagné d'une copie de votre preuve d'achat dans ledit délai de quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours. Si le Logiciel ne fonctionne pas fondamentalement en conformité avec la Documentation, la seule et exclusive responsabilité d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs, et la seule réparation à votre égard seront limitées, au choix d'Adobe, au remplacement du Logiciel ou au remboursement de la redevance de licence que vous avez versée pour le Logiciel.  ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS NE GARANTISSENT PAS ET NE PEUVENT GARANTIR LES PERFORMANCES OU LES RÉSULTATS QUE VOUS POURREZ OBTENIR EN UTILISANT LE LOGICIEL OU LA DOCUMENTATION. CE QUI PRÉCÈDE DÉTERMINE VOS SEULS ET EXCLUSIFS RECOURS EN CAS DE NON RESPECT DE LA GARANTIE DONNÉE PAR ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS. A L'EXCEPTION DE LA GARANTIE LIMITÉE SUSMENTIONNÉE, ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS NE DONNENT AUCUNE GARANTIE, EXPRESSE OU TACITE, NOTAMMENT CONCERNANT LA NON-VIOLATION DE DROITS DE TIERS, LA QUALITÉ MARCHANDE OU L'ADÉQUATION À UN BESOIN OU À UN USAGE PARTICULIER. EN AUCUN CAS, ADOBE OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE TOUS DOMMAGES DIRECTS OU INDIRECTS, ET NOTAMMENT DE TOUTES PERTES FAITES OU DE MANQUES À GAGNER, ET CELA QUAND BIEN MÊME UN REPRÉSENTANT D'ADOBE AURAIT ÉTÉ INFORMÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES. EN AUCUN CAS, ADOBE OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE QUELQUE RÉCLAMATION QUE CE SOIT ÉMANANT DE TOUT TIERS. 

L'application des présentes ne vous prive pas de vos droits relatifs à la garantie légale, dans la mesure où elle serait applicable. Pour le cas où vous auriez la qualité de consommateur, aucune des dispositions du présent Contrat ne pourrait vous priver des droits d'ordre public dont vous pourriez, le cas échéant, bénéficier en vertu de la loi applicable.

Pour tout renseignement complémentaire concernant la garantie, veuillez contacter le Customer Support Department (service clientèle) d'Adobe.

6. Droit applicable et dispositions générales.  Le présent Contrat est soumis au droit français (à l'exclusion de l'application des règles régissant les conflits de lois en droit français). Il n'est pas régi par la Convention des Nations Unies sur les contrats de vente internationale de marchandises, par la Loi uniforme sur la formation des contrats de vente internationale de marchandises, par la Loi uniforme relative à la vente internationale de marchandises, ni par aucune loi, aucun règlement ou aucune réglementation de tout droit basé sur ladite Convention et lesdites Lois uniformes, et l'application de ladite Convention et desdites Lois uniformes est expressément exclue.

Si l'une quelconque des dispositions du présent Contrat est jugée nulle et non exécutoire, cela n'affectera pas la validité de ses autres dispositions qui resteront applicables et exécutoires. Vous acceptez que le Logiciel ne soit pas utilisé, expédié, transféré ou exporté, de quelque manière que ce soit, qui serait interdite par la loi américaine sur le contrôle des exportations (United States Export Administration Act) ou par toutes autres lois, restrictions ou réglementations relatives au contrôle des exportations. Le présent Contrat sera automatiquement résilié en cas de non-respect de votre part de ses termes. Le présent Contrat ne peut être modifié que par un écrit signé par un responsable autorisé d'Adobe.

Le présent Contrat constitue le contrat de licence entre Adobe et vous-même, relatif à l'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation. Il annule et remplace tous pourparlers, engagements, déclarations, contrats de licence pour utilisateur final, communications et publicités préalables, concernant le Logiciel et la Documentation.

7. Note pour les utilisateurs du Gouvernement des États-Unis.  Le Logiciel et la Documentation sont des "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") qui sont conformes à la définition de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 2.101, et se composent de "Logiciel informatique commercial" ("Commecial Computer Software") et de "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial"("Commercial Computer Software Documentation"), qui sont conformes aux définitions de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 227.7202, suivant le cas. En conformité avec 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphes 227.7202-1 à 227.7202-4, suivant le cas, le "Logiciel informatique commercial" et la "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial" sont licenciés à des utilisateurs employés par le gouvernement américain, premièrement, uniquement en tant qu' "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") et, deuxièmement, uniquement avec les droits qui sont accordés à tous les autres utilisateurs en conformité avec les termes et conditions du présent Contrat.

Droits sur travaux non publiés réservés en vertu de la législation des États-Unis d'Amérique sur les droits d'auteur. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Pour références, une copie de ce Contrat de licence de l'utilisateur final est accessible après que vous ayez installé le Logiciel. Pour toutes questions concernant le présent Contrat ou pour tous renseignements que vous souhaitez obtenir d'Adobe, veuillez utiliser l'adresse jointe à ce produit afin de contacter la filiale Adobe couvrant votre pays ou écrire à: Customer Support Department (service clientèle), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimbourg, Ecosse EH11 4DU, Royaume-Uni, télécopie +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe est une marque d'Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh est une marque déposée de Apple Computer, Inc. Windows est une marque déposée de Microsoft Corporation.


VEUILLEZ INDIQUER VOTRE ACCEPTATION OU VOTRE REFUS D'ACCEPTATION DU CONTRAT SUSDIT, EN CLIQUANT SUR LE BOUTON APPROPRIE SITUE CI-DESSOUS. SI VOUS REFUSEZ CE CONTRAT, L'INSTALLATION DU LOGICIEL NE SERA PAS POSSIBLE. POUR INSTALLER LE LOGICIEL, IL VOUS FAUT ACCEPTER TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DU CONTRAT SUSDIT.



Austria
Für 1 Computer 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Elektronik-Endbenutzerlizenzvereinbarung
Österreichische Fassung

BITTE SENDEN SIE BEILIEGENDE EINTRAGUNGSUNTERLAGEN ZURÜCK, UM VON DEN VORTEILEN DER EINTRAGUNG ZU PROFITIEREN

BENUTZERHINWEIS: DIES IST EINE VEREINBARUNG ZWISCHEN IHNEN UND ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), EINEM IM BUNDESSTAAT DELAWARE, USA, AMTLICH EINGETRAGENEN UNTERNEHMEN. FALLS SIE AM ENDE DES TEXTES IHR EINVERSTÄNDNIS ERKLÄREN, BEDEUTET DIES, DASS SIE MIT SÄMTLICHEN BEDINGUNGEN UND KONDITIONEN DIESER VEREINBARUNG EINVERSTANDEN SIND. Diese Vereinbarung liegt einem Adobe® Softwareprodukt ("Software") und dazugehörigem Erläuterungsmaterial ("Dokumentation") an. Der Begriff "Software" umfaßt auch alle Upgrades, geänderten Versionen, Updates, Zusätze und Kopien der Ihnen von Adobe lizenzierten Software. Sie werden gebeten, diese Vereinbarung sorgfältig durchzulesen, bevor Sie am Ende des Textes Ihr Einverständnis erklären. Wenn Sie nicht mit den Bedingungen der vorliegenden Vereinbarung einverstanden sind, so machen Sie auf der dafür vorgesehenen Stelle Ihre Ablehnung kenntlich. Die Benutzung der Software ist damit gesperrt. Senden Sie in diesem Fall diese Software zusammen mit dem restlichen Paket an Adobe oder die Stelle zurück, bei der Sie sie erworben haben.

Dies ist eine Lizenzvereinbarung und kein Kaufvertrag. Die Kopie der Software, die in diesem Paket enthalten ist, und jede andere Kopie, zu deren Anfertigung Sie im Rahmen dieser Vereinbarung berechtigt sind, bleiben Eigentum von Adobe. Mit Ihrer Annahme dieser Vereinbarung gewährt Adobe Ihnen eine nicht ausschließliche Lizenz zur Nutzung der Software und der Dokumentation, sofern Sie den folgenden Bedingungen zustimmen.

1. Benutzung der Software.  
1.1. Sie dürfen die Software auf einem Einzelstandort, auf einer Festplatte oder einem anderen Speichermedium von maximal der in der linken oberen Ecke dieser Vereinbarung genannten Zahl von Computern ("zulässige Zahl von Computern") installieren;
1.2. Wenn die Software für Netzbenutzer ausgelegt ist, dürfen Sie diese auf einem einzigen File-Server für die Nutzung auf einem einzelnen Ortsnetz installieren und für einen der beiden (jedoch nicht beide) folgenden Zwecke nutzen:
  (a) dauerhafte Installation auf einer Festplatte oder einem anderen Speichermedium bis zur zulässigen Zahl von Computern; oder
  (b) Nutzung der Software über ein solches Netz, wenn die Zahl der Computer, auf denen die Software genutzt wird, die zulässige Zahl von Computern nicht übersteigt. Wenn z.B. 100 Computer an den Server angeschlossen sind, wobei niemals mehr als 15 Computer die Software gleichzeitig nutzen, jedoch die Software zu verschiedenen Zeiten auf 25 verschiedenen Computern genutzt wird, beträgt die zulässige Zahl von Computern, für die Sie eine Lizenz benötigen, 25;
1.3. Sie dürfen ein beliebiges Foto, eine beliebige Clipart oder andere künstlerische Arbeiten, die mit der Software geliefert wurden, als ganzes oder teilweise anzeigen, verändern, vervielfältigen und verteilen (vorausgesetzt es liegt keine anders lautende, spezifische Anmerkung vor), sofern diese Fotos, Clipart oder künstlerischen Arbeiten nicht als ein einzelnes Produkt verteilt werden. Derartige Fotos, Clipart und künstlerischen Arbeiten, dürfen nicht für die Produktion von anzüglichem, obszönem oder pornografischen Material verwendet werden.
1.4. Sie dürfen eine Sicherungskopie der Software herstellen, sofern diese auf keinem Computer installiert oder genutzt wird.

1.5. BENUTZUNG AUF EINEM HEIMCOMPUTER. Der Hauptbenutzer eines jeden Computer, auf dem die Software installiert oder genutzt wird, darf die Software ebenfalls auf einem Heim- oder tragbaren Computer installieren. Die Software darf auf dem Zweitcomputer jedoch nicht von einer anderen Person genutzt werden, wenn die Software zur gleichen Zeit auf dem Erstcomputer genutzt wird.

1.6. SCHRIFTARTEN-SOFTWARE. Wenn die Software Schriftarten-Software enthält, dürfen Sie :
(a) die Schriftarten-Software auf die oben genannte Art und Weise auf der zulässigen Zahl von Computern benutzen und diese Schriftarten-Software auf allen an solchen Computern angeschlossenen Ausgabegeräten ausdrucken;
(b) wenn die zulässige Zahl der Computer fünf oder weniger beträgt, dürfen Sie die Schriftarten-Software in einen Speicher (Festplatte oder RAM) eines Ausgabegerätes programmladen, das an mindestens einen dieser Computer angeschlossen ist, damit diese Schriftarten-Software ständig im Ausgabegerät gespeichert ist. Zulässig ist auch das Programmladen der Software in den Speicher (Festplatte oder RAM) eines zusätzlichen Ausgabegerätes des genannten Typs für jedes Vielfache von fünf, das der Anzahl der zulässigen Zahl von Computern entspricht;
(c) eine Kopie der Schriftart(en), die Sie für eine bestimmte Datei benutzt haben, einer gewerblichen Druckerei oder einem sonstigen Dienstleister zur Verfügung stellen. Dieser Dienstleister darf die Schriftart(en) benutzen, um ihre Datei zu verarbeiten, sofern er Sie darüber informiert hat, daß er eine gültige Lizenz zur Nutzung der betreffenden Schriftarten-Software erworben hat oder ihm eine solche erteilt wurde;
(d) die Schriftarten-Software in ein anderes Format konvertieren, um sie in anderen Betriebssystemen zu installieren und zu nutzen; dabei gelten folgende Bedingungen: Ein Computer, auf dem konvertierte Schriftsarten-Software verwendet wird oder installiert ist, gilt als einer der Computer Ihrer zulässigen Zahl von Computern. Sie verpflichten sich, die Nutzung der Schriftarten-Software, die sie konvertiert haben, gemäß den Bestimmungen der vorliegenden Vereinbarung vorzunehmen, die Schriftarten-Software nur für Ihre eigenen normalen internen geschäftlichen Zwecke oder zur persönlichen Nutzung zu verwenden, diese Schriftarten-Software für keinen Zweck zu vertreiben oder zu übertragen, sofern der Vertrieb oder die Übertragung nicht im Einklang mit Punkt 3., unten, stehen. 

2. Copyright.  Die Software ist geistiges Eigentum von Adobe und seinen Zulieferern und unterliegt dem Schutz der Copyright-Gesetzte der Vereinigten Staaten, den Bestimmungen internationaler Verträge sowie den geltenden Gesetzen der Länder, in denen sie genutzt wird. Die Struktur, die Anordnung und der Code der Software sind wertvolle Geschäftsgeheimnisse und vertrauliche Daten von Adobe und seinen Zulieferern. Sie sind verpflichtet, die Software wie jedes andere Material, das urheberrechtlich geschützt ist, z.B. ein Buch, zu behandeln. Sie dürfen die Software oder die Dokumentation nicht kopieren, soweit dies nicht in der Bestimmung über die "Benutzung der Software" zugelassen ist. Jegliche Kopien, die sie nach den Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung machen dürfen, müssen dieselben Copyright- und anderen Eigentums-Hinweise enthalten wie die Hinweise, die auf oder in der Software erscheinen.

Mit Ausnahme der Konvertierung von Schriftarten-Software in andere Formate, die gemäß dem Abschnitt "Benutzung der Software" erlaubt ist, verpflichten Sie sich, keine Änderungen, Anpassungen, Übertragungen, Rückübersetzungen, Dekompilierungen, Disassemblierungen oder sonstigen Versuche anzustellen, dem Quellencode der Software auf die Spur zu kommen. Marken (Warenzeichen) sind in Übereinstimmung mit anerkannter Markenpraxis zu verwenden, einschließlich der Identifizierung des Inhabers der Marke. Marken dürfen ausschließlich zur Kennzeichnung des mit der Software hergestellten, gedruckten Ausgabematerials verwendet werden. Diese Verwendung von Marken führt nicht dazu, daß Sie Inhaber dieser Marken sind. Mit Ausnahme des oben Genannten gibt Ihnen diese Vereinbarung keinerlei Rechte im Hinblick auf die zur Software gehörigen geistigen Eigentumsrechte.

Gemäß 40e UrhG sind Sie dazu befugt, die Software zu dekompilieren, um die Informationen zu erlangen, die notwendig sind, um die Software mit anderer Software kompatibel zu machen. Sofern die zur Herstellung der Interoperabilität erforderliche Information nicht ohne weiteres zugänglich ist, erklärt sich Adobe bereit, Ihnen die erforderliche Information zugänglich zu machen. Sie haben dazu bei Adobe schriftlich um die zur Herstellung der Interoperabilität erforderliche Information anzufragen. Adobe behält sich vor, für die Verwendung der zur Verfügung gestellten Information angemessene Bedingungen aufzustellen und insbesondere eine angemessene Gebühr zu verlangen. Ihre schriftlichen Anfragen in Bezug auf Informationen adressieren Sie bitte an das Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, Telefax: +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Sie werden darauf hingewiesen, daß die Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellte Information nicht zu anderen Zwecken als zur Herstellung der Interoperabilität verwendet werden darf, nicht an Dritte weitergegeben werden darf, es sei denn daß dies für die Herstellung  der Interoperabilität notwendig ist, und auch für die Entwicklung, Vervielfältigung oder Verbreitung eines Programmes mit im wesentlichen ähnlichen Ausdrucksformen oder für andere, das Urheberrecht verletzende Handlungen nicht verwendet werden darf. 

3. Übertragung.  Sie dürfen Software und Dokumentation nicht vermieten, verleasen, verleihen oder eine Unterlizenz erteilen. Sie dürfen jedoch alle Ihre Rechte zur Nutzung der Software und Dokumentation an eine andere natürliche oder juristische Person unter der Voraussetzung übertragen, daß Sie (i) die vorliegende Vereinbarung, die Software, einschließlich aller Kopien, Updates und früherer Versionen sowie aller Kopien der Schrift-Software, die in andere Formate konvertiert wurde, und die Dokumentation an diese natürliche oder juristische Person übertragen, (ii) daß Sie keine Kopien einschließlich von Kopien, die auf einem Computer gespeichert sind, zurückbehalten, und daß (iii) der Empfänger die Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung  akzeptiert.

4. Multiple Environment Software / Multiple Language Software / Dual Media Software / Mehrere Exemplare / Upgrades.  Wenn die Software zwei oder mehr Bedienerumgebungsversionen der Software (z.B. Macintosh und Windows®), bzw. zwei oder mehr Sprachübersetzungsversionen der Software, dieselbe Software auf zwei oder mehr Medien (z.B. Disketten und CD-ROM) enthält, oder wenn Sie diese in Verbindung mit dem Erwerb der Software erhalten und/oder auf eine andere Art und Weise zwei oder mehrere Exemplare der Software erhalten, darf die Gesamtzahl der Computer, auf der alle Software-Versionen benutzt werden, die zulässige Zahl von Computern nicht übersteigen. Sie dürfen gemäß den Bestimmungen in diesem Abkommen eine Sicherungskopie für jede Version der Software anfertigen, die Sie nutzen. Die unbenutzten Versionen oder Kopien der Software und die Software auf unbenutzten Medien dürfen nicht vermietet, verleast, verliehen oder übertragen, und es darf keine Unterlizenz erteilt werden, es sei denn, dies erfolgt als Teil der oben beschriebenen dauerhaften Übertragung der gesamten Software und Dokumentation.

Wenn Sie ein Upgrade oder Update der Software erwerben, so dürfen sie die alte Version neunzig (90) Tage nach Erhalt der neuen Version weiterverwenden, um Ihnen die Umstellung auf die neue Version zu erleichtern; danach sind Sie nicht länger berechtigt, die alte Version zu verwenden. 

5. Gewährleistung / Schadenersatz.  Für eine Zeitdauer von neunzig (90) Tagen nach Erhalt der Software übernimmt Adobe Ihnen gegenüber die Gewährleistung dafür, daß die Software im wesentlichen gemäß der Dokumentation arbeitet. Diese Gewährleistung bezieht sich nicht auf Schriftarten-Software, die in ein anderes Format konvertiert wurde. Bei der Geltendmachung von Gewährleistungsansprüchen sind Sie dazu verpflichtet, die Software zusammen mit einer Kopie Ihres Kassenzettels innerhalb dieser neunzig (90) Tage an die Stelle zurückzuschicken, bei der Sie die Software erworben haben. Wenn die Software nicht im wesentlichen gemäß der Dokumentation arbeitet, beschränkt sich die gesamte und ausschließliche Haftung von Adobe und seinen Zulieferern nach Wahl von Adobe auf den Austausch der Software oder auf Rückerstattung der Lizenzgebühr, die Sie für die Software bezahlt haben, und Ihre Ansprüche sind entsprechend beschränkt. 

ADOBE UND SEINE ZULIEFERER ÜBERNEHMEN KEINE GEWÄHRLEISTUNG IN BEZUG AUF DIE LEISTUNG ODER DIE ERGEBNISSE, DIE SIE DURCH DIE NUTZUNG DER SOFTWARE ODER DER DOKUMENTATION ERHALTEN.  

Die gesetzlichen Rechte, die einer Partei als Verbraucher zustehen, werden durch die Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung nicht berührt. Soweit eine Haftung auf Grund von Vorsatz oder (kraß) grober Fahrlässigkeit auf Seiten von Adobe oder seinen Zulieferern nicht ausgeschlossen werden kann, sind die oben genannten Beschränkungen nicht anwendbar.

Soweit zulässig, werden jegliche konkludenten Gewährleistungen auf neunzig (90) Tage beschränkt. Für weitere Informationen in Bezug auf die Gewährleistung wenden Sie sich bitte an Adobe's Customer Support Department. 

6. Geltendes Recht und allgemeine Bedingungen.  Auf diese Vereinbarung finden die Gesetze Österreichs Anwendung (mit Ausnahme der Bestimmungen des internationalen Privatrechts). Das UN-Übereinkommen über Verträge über internationalen Warenkauf, das Einheitliche Gesetz über den Abschluß von internationalen Kaufverträgen über bewegliche Sachen und das Einheitliche Gesetz über den internationalen Kauf beweglicher Sachen, jegliche Gesetze, Bestimmungen oder Verordnungen irgendeines Rechtssystems, die auf den genannten Übereinkommen oder Einheitlichen Gesetzen beruhen, und die Anwendung dieser Übereinkommen und Einheitlichen Gesetze sowie die Anwendung jeglicher Gesetze, Bestimmungen oder Verordnungen irgendeines Rechtssystems, die darauf beruhen, sind hiermit ausdrücklich ausgeschlossen. 

Sollte irgendein Teil dieser Vereinbarung unwirksam und/oder undurchführbar sein, wird dadurch die Wirksamkeit der übrigen Bestimmungen dieser Vereinbarung nicht berührt, die weiterhin ihre Gültigkeit und Durchführbarkeit behalten. Sie verpflichten sich, daß die Software nicht in ein Land verschifft, befördert oder ausgeführt oder in irgendeiner Weise genutzt wird, die durch den United States Export Administration Act oder irgendwelche andere Exportgesetze-, -bestimmungen oder -verordnungen untersagt wird. Diese Vereinbarung endet automatisch, wenn Sie die darin enthaltenen Bestimmungen nicht erfüllen. Änderungen dieser Vereinbarung bedürfen der Schriftform und müssen durch einen dazu bevollmächtigten Vertreter von Adobe unterzeichnet werden. 

Dies ist die gesamte Vereinbarung zwischen Ihnen und Adobe bezüglich der Software und der Dokumentation und er ersetzt alle vorigen Präsentationen, Diskussionen, Zusicherungen, Endbenutzerlizenzvereinbarungen, Mitteilungen oder Werbungen über der Software und der Dokumentation.

7. Hinweise für die Endbenutzer der Regierung der Vereinigten Staaten.  Die Software und das Begleitmaterial sind "Commercial Items" (Handelswaren) im Sinne von 48 CFR §2.101, bestehend aus "Commercial Computer Software" (kommerzielle Computer-Software) und "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Begleitmaterial für kommerzielle Computer-Software) im Sinne von 48 CFR §12.212 oder 48 CFR §227.7202, sofern anwendbar. Gemäß 48 CFR §12.212 oder 48 CFR §§ 227.7202-1 bis 227.7202-4, sofern anwendbar, sind die "Commercial Computer Software" und die "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" lizenziert für US-amerikanische Regierungsendbenutzer (i) nur als "Commercial Items" und (ii) mit nur den Rechten, die allen anderen Endbenutzern entspechend der hier genannten Vertragsbedingungen und Konditionen.
Rechte bezüglich unveröffentlichter Werke werden gemäß den Copyright-Gesetzen der Vereinigten Staaten vorbehalten. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Für weitere Einzelheiten in bezug auf dieser Endbenutzerlizenzvereinbarung steht Ihnen in Zukunft ein Exemplar dieser Vereinbarung zur Verfügung, nachdem Sie die Software installiert haben. Wenn Sie Fragen in Bezug auf die vorliegende Vereinbarung haben, oder wenn sie Informationen von Adobe anfordern möchten, verwenden Sie bitte die Adresseninformationen, die diesem Produkt beigefügt sind, um sich mit dem Tochterunternehmen von Adobe in Ihrem Land in Verbindung zu setzen, oder schreiben Sie an das Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, Telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe ist ein Warenzeichen der Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh ist ein eingetragenes Warenzeichen der Apple Computer Inc. Windows ist ein eingetragenes Warenzeichen der Microsoft Corporation.


BITTE BESTÄTIGEN SIE IHR EINVERSTÄNDNIS MIT BZW. BRINGEN SIE IHREN VORBEHALT GEGEN DIESE VEREINBARUNG ZUM AUSDRUCK, INDEM SIE DAS ENTSPRECHENDE FELD UNTEN ANKLICKEN. WENN SIE DIESE VEREINBARUNG ABLEHEN, WIRD DIE INSTALLATION ABGEBROCHEN. SIE KöNNEN DIE SOFTWARE NUR INSTALLIEREN, WENN SIE DIESE VEREINBARUNG AKZEPTIEREN.



Latin America
Por 1 Computadora

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrato Electrónico de Licencia para el Usuario Final 

VERSION LATINOAMERICANO

FAVOR DE FIRMAR Y DEVOLVER CUALQUIER FORMA DE REGISTRACION QUE ACOMPAÑE ESTE PAQUETE PARA RECIBIR LOS BENEFICIOS DE REGISTRO

AVISO A USUARIO: ESTE ES UN CONTRATO. EL PRESENTE CONTRATO CONSTITUYE UN ACUERDO ENTRE USTED Y ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), UNA EMPRESA CONSTITUIDA EN VIRTUD DE LAS LEYES DEL ESTADO DE DELAWARE, EE.UU. INDICANDO SU ACEPTACIÓN MAS ADELANTE, USTED ACEPTA TODOS LOS TERMINOS Y CONDICIONES DE ESTE CONTRATO.  Este Contrato de Licencia para el Usuario Final de acompaña un producto de software Adobe® ("Software") y los materiales explicativos escritos relacionados ("Documentación"). El término "Software" también incluye las mejoras, versiones modificadas, actualizaciones, adiciones y copias del Software que Adobe le otorga bajo licencia. Usted debe leer este Contrato cuidadosamente antes de indicar su aceptación al final del texto de este Contrato. Si usted no está de acuerdo con los términos y condiciones de este Contrato, no lo acepte donde se indica, y usted no podrá usar el Software. En tal caso debe devolver este Software junto con todo el resto del paquete a Adobe o al lugar en donde lo ha obtenido para un reembolso completo del precio pagado.

Este es un contrato de licencia y no un contrato de compraventa.  Adobe conserva la titularidad de la copia del Software y los medios físicos contenida en este producto y cualquier otra copia que usted esté autorizado a realizar según lo establecido en este Contrato. A su aceptación de este Contrato, Adobe le concede una licencia no exclusiva para utilizar el Software y la Documentación, siempre y cuando que acepte los siguientes términos y condiciones:

1. Uso del Software.
1.1. Usted podrá instalar el Software en una sola localidad en un disco duro o otro dispositivo de almacenamiento dentro de tantos computadoras como se indica en la parte superior izquerda de este Contrato ("Número Autorizado de Computadoras").
1.2. Siempre y cuando el Software sea configurado para uso en una red, Usted podrá instalar y usar el Software en un solo servidor de archivos para uso en una sola red de área local para uno (pero no ambos) de los propósitos siguientes:
  (a) instalación permanente en un disco duro u otro dispositivo de almacenamiento dentro de hasta el Número Autorizado de Computadoras; o
  (b) uso del Software a través de dicha red, siempre y cuando el número de computadoras distintas en que se usa el Software no exceda el Número Autorizado de Computadoras.  Por ejemplo, si hay 100 computadoras conectadas al servidor, sin que jamás usan el Software simultaneamente más de 15 computadoras, pero se usará el Software en 25 computadoras distintas a varios tiempos, el Número Autorizado de Computadoras para las cuales se necesitaría una licencia sería 25.
1.3. Usted podrá visualizar, modificar, reproducir y distribuir en forma total o parcial las fotografías, clipart o cualquier otro material artístico que se incluyen con el Software (salvo específica notificacíon en contrario), siempre que dichas fotografías, clipart u otro material artístico no se distribuyan en forma independiente. Las fotografías, clipart o cualquier otro material artístico no podrán usarse en la producción de material indecente, obsceno o pornográfico. 
1.4. Usted podrá hacer una copia de respaldo del Software, siempre y cuando su copia de respaldo no se instale ni se use en cualquier computadora.

1.5. USO EN CASA.  El usuario principal de cada computadora en que se instale o se use el Software también podrá instalar el Software en una computadora en casa o portátil.  No obstante, no se podrá usar el Software en dicha computadora secundaria por ninguna otra persona al mismo tiempo que el Software se encuentre en uso en la computadora primaria.

1.6. SOFTWARE DE CONJUNTO DE CARÁCTERES.  Si el Software incluye software de conjunto de carácteres, usted podrá:
(a) Usar el software de conjunto de carácteres como se describe anteriormente en el Número Autorizado de Computadoras y extraer dicho software de conjunto de caracteres en cualesquier dispositivos de salida conectados a dichas computadoras.
(b) Si el Número Autorizado de Computadoras es cinco o menos, copiar el software de conjunto de caracteres a la memoria (disco duro o RAM) de un dispositivo de salida conectado a por lo menos una de dichas computadoras para el propósito de tener dicho software de conjunto de caracteres residente en la memoria del dispositivo de salida, y de un adicional dispositivo de salida por cada múltiplo de cinco representado por el Número Autorizado de Computadoras.
(c) Llevar una copia del(los) conjunto(s) de caracteres que usted haya usado para un archivo específico a un impresor comercial u otro proveedor de servicios, y dicho proveedor de servicios podrá usar el(los) conjunto(s) de caracteres para procesar su archivo, siempre y cuando dicho proveedor de servicios haya informado a usted de que ha comprado o se le ha concedido una licencia para usar ese software de conjunto de caracteres en particular.
(d) Convertir el software de conjunto de carácteres a otro formato e instalarlo para su uso en otros entornos, con sujeción a las siguientes condiciones: La computadora en que se utilice o instale el software de conjunto de carácteres convertido será considerada como una de las computadoras del Número Autorizado de Computadoras. Usted acepta que el software de conjunto de carácteres convertido se usará conforme a los términos y condiciones de este Contrato, que sólo se lo podrá utilizar para su propio negocio interno habitual o con fines personales y que no se lo podrá distribuir ni transferir para ningún fin, excepto por lo dispuesto en el párrafo 3 que figura a continuación. 

2. Derechos de Autor.  El Software es propiedad de Adobe y su proveedores, y su estructura, organización y codificación son secretos comerciales e industriales valiosos de Adobe y su proveedores.  Los derechos al Software también quedan amparados por las leyes en materia de protección a la propiedad industrial e intelectual de los Estados Unidos de América y lo dispuesto por varios acuerdos y tratados internacionales.  Se deberá de tratar el Software lo mismo que haría con cualquier otra obra de autor amparada por derechos de autor, como un libro.  No se podrá copiar el Software o la Documentación, salvo como se indica en la sección del presente denominada "Uso del Software".  Cualesquier copias que se permita hacer según este Contrato deberán de contener los mismos avisos sobre derechos de autor y de la propiedad del Software y la Documentación que aparecen en el Software.  Usted conviene en no modificar, ajustar, traducir, desarmar la ingeniería del Software, descompilar, desensamblar o de otra manera intentar descubrir el código fuente del Software.  Se usarán las marcas de acuerdo con los buenos usos y costumbres comerciales, incluyendo la identificación del propietario de la marca.  Las marcas solamente se podrán usar para datos impresos producidos por el Software.  Dicho uso de cualquier marca no le da cualesquier derechos de propiedad en esa marca.  Salvo como se señala anteriormente, este Contrato no le concede cualquier derecho de propiedad intelectual ni industrial en el Software.

3. Transferencia.  Usted no podrá alquilar, arrendar, prestar ni otorgar bajo licencia el Software o la Documentación.  Sin embargo, podrá transferir todos sus derechos de usar el Software y la Documentación a otra persona física o jurídica siempre que (i) transfiera este Contrato, el Software, incluyendo todas las copias, actualizaciones y versiones anteriores y todas las copias del software de fuentes convertido a otros formatos así como la Documentación a dicha persona física o jurídica, (ii) no conserve copias, incluyendo aquéllas almacenadas en una computadora y (iii) que la parte que recibe el material acepte que queda obligada por los términos y condiciones de este Contrato. 

4. Software de Ambientes Múltiples/ Software de Idiomas Múltiples/ Software en Dos Medios/ Copias Múltiples.  Si este paquete contiene, o si usted recibe, en relación con la adquisición del Software que este paquete contiene, dos o más versiones del Software para distintos ambientes de operación (e.g., Macintosh® y Windows®), dos o más versiones del Software con respecto a la traducción de idiomas, el mismo Software en dos o más medios (e.g., diskettes y un CD-ROM), y/o si de otra manera usted recibe dos o más copias del Software, el número agregado total de computadoras en que se usan todas las versiones del Software no podrá exceder el Número Autorizado de Computadoras.  Se podrá hacer una copia de respaldo, de acuerdo con los términos de este Contrato, por cada versión del Software que se usa.  No se podrá arrendar, sublicenciar, dar en prestamo o comodato, ni enajenar versiones ni copias del Software que no se use, o el Software contenido en cualquier medio no usado, salvo como parte de la enajenación definitiva de todo el Software y la documentación segun lo dispuesto anteriormente. Si adquiere una mejora o actualización del Software, podrá usar la versión anterior durante noventa (90) días a contar desde la recepción de la nueva versión a fin de facilitarle la transición a la nueva versión.  Después de dicho período, no tendrá más la licencia para usar la versión anterior. 

5. Garantías y Subsanación de Fallas.
  5.1. Garantía limitada.  Adobe garantiza que el Software operará substancialmente de acuerdo con la Documentación por un período de noventa (90) días despues de la fecha en que usted reciba el Software.  Se entiende que (i) es posible que el Software no satisfaría todos sus requisitos, y Adobe y sus proveedores no garantizan la ejecución o los resultados que se puedan obtener mediante el uso del Software o la Documentación y (ii) es posible que el uso del Software no estaría ininterrumpido o libre de errores.  Ademas, se entiende que el precio que se paga a cambio de esta licencia se basa en la garantía limitada, las negativas y las limitaciones de responsabilidad estipuladas en esta Sección 5 y que sería substancialmente más alto si cualquiera de estas cláusulas no eran válidas y exigibles.

  5.2. Subsanación de Fallas.  En caso de fallas del funcionamiento garantizado o incumplimiento con cualquier otra obligación relacionada con la calidad del Software, Adobe corregirá o reemplazará el Software defectuoso o, si eso no es factible, Adobe aceptará la devolución del Software defectuoso y se le reembolsará a usted la cantidad pagada para licenciar esta copia del Software.  Se entiende que esta Sección del presente Contrato establece la única manera en que Adobe tendrá obligación de subsanar fallas, y constituirá la única responsabilidad de Adobe o de sus proveedores, para cualquier falla de funcionamiento u otra obligación relacionada con la calidad del Software.  Para hacer una reclamación bajo la garantía, se deberá devolver el Software al lugar donde lo obtuvo acompañado por la factura u otra constancia de pago del precio de venta, dentro del período mencionado de noventa (90) días.

  5.3. Limitación.  La garantía y obligación de subsanar fallas especificadas en esta Sección no aplicarán si el Software funciona mal debido a causas extrínsicas, tales como (i) desastres naturales, incluyendo incendio, humo, agua, terremotos o relámpagos, (ii) fluctuaciones del corriente eléctrico o cortes, (iii) el descuido o mal uso del Software o de software de origen ajeno, (vi) un defecto u otra avería de software ajeno, (v) una corrección o modificación del Software no proporcionada e instalada por Adobe o (vi) la combinación o el uso del Software con equipo o software ajeno incompatible.

  5.4. Declaración.  SALVO COMO SE ESTABLECE EXPRESAMENTE EN ESTE CONTRATO, TODA GARANTIA, CONDICION Y REPRESENTACION CON RESPECTO AL SOFTWARE, YA SEA EXPRESA O IMPLICITA, DERIVADA DE LA LEY, COSTUMBRE, DECLARACION PREVIA DE CUALQUIERA DE LAS PARTES, YA SEA ORAL O POR ESCRITO, O DE OTRO ORIGEN (INCLUYENDO DE MANERA ENUNCIATIVA PERO NO LIMITATIVA, CUALQUIER GARANTIA DE COMERCIABILIDAD O IDONEIDAD PARA UN FIN ESPECIFICO) QUEDA ANULADA, EXCLUIDA Y NEGADA POR PARTE DE ADOBE Y SUS PROVEEDORES.

  5.5. No Daños y Perjuicios Consecuenciales.  EN NINGUNA CIRCUNSTANCIA TENDRAN ADOBE O SUS PROVEEDORES RESPONSABILIDAD PARA INDEMNIZAR CUALQUIER DAÑO O PERJUICIO, YA SEA CONSECUENCIAL, INDIRECTO, ESPECIAL, INCIDENTAL O INDEMNIZACION PUNITIVA, LUCRO CESANTE O DANO EMERGENTE, YA SEA PREVISIBLE O NO, DERIVADA DE LAS RECLAMACIONES SUYAS O DE SUS CLIENTES (INCLUYENDO DE MANERA ENUNCIATIVA PERO NO LIMITATIVA, RELCAMACIONES POR PERDIDA DE DATOS, CREDITO COMERCIAL, USO DE DINERO O USO DE LOS PRODUCTOS, INTERRUPCION EN EL USO O LA DISPONIBILIDAD DE DATOS, PARO DE OTRO TRABAJO O MENOSCABO DE OTROS ACTIVOS), DERIVADAS DE INCUMPLIMIENTO O FALTA DE UNA GARANTIA EXPRESA O IMPLICITA, DE INCUMPLIMIENTO DE UNA OBLIGACION CONTRACTUAL, FALSEDAD, NEGLIGENCIA, RESPONSABILIDAD OBJECTIVA O DE OTRA MANERA.  EN NINGUN CASO EXCEDERA LA RESPONSABILITDAD TOTAL QUE ADOBE O SUS PROVEEDORES INCURRIRIAN PARA CON USTED EN CUALQUIER ACCION O PROCEDIMIENTO JUDICIAL AL MONTO TOTAL DE LAS CANTIDADES QUE USTED EFECTIVAMENTE HAYA PAGADO A ADOBE O SU DISTRIBUIDOR POR ESTA COPIA DEL SOFTWARE.  ESTA SECCION NO APLICARA SOLAMENTE CUANDO Y EN LA MEDIDA QUE LA LEY APLICABLE IMPONGA RESPONSABILIDAD MAS AMPLIA Y A PESAR DE LA NEGATIVA Y LIMITACION DE RESPONSABILIDAD ANTERIOR.

6. Ley del Contrato y Cláusulas Misceláneas.  Este Contrato se regirá por las leyes en vigor en el Estado de California, Estados Unidos de America, excluyendo la aplicación de sus reglas de conflictos de leyes.  Este Contrato no se regirá por el Convenio de las Naciones Unidas sobre los Contratos para la Compraventa Internacional de Bienes, la aplicación del cual se excluye expresamente.  Si se determina que cualquier parte de este Contrato no es válida y exigible por la vía judicial, este hecho no afectará la validez de lo demás del Contrato, que quedará válido y exigible en los términos del mismo.  Usted conviene en que el Software no se enviará, transferirá ni exportará a cualquier país prohibido ni se usará en cualquier manera prohibida por la Ley de la Administración de Exportaciones de los Estados Unidos de America (U.S. Export Administration Act) o en contravención de cualquier ley, reglamento o restricción en materia de exportación.  Este Contrato terminará automáticamente por el incumplimiento por parte de usted con sus términos.  Este Contrato se puede modificar solamente por escrito con la firma de un funcionario autorizado de Adobe.

Este  Contrato constituye el acuerdo total entre usted y Adobe en relación con el Software y la Documentación y reemplaza las declaraciones, conversaciones, compromisos, contratos de licencia para el usuario final, comunicaciones o publicidad anteriores referentes al Software y la Documentación. 

7. Aviso para los usuarios finales del gobierno de los EE.UU.  El Software y la Documentación constituyen "Commercial Items" (Artículos comerciales) conforme a la definición del término provista por el 48 C.F.R. §2.101 y consisten en el "Commercial Computer Software" (Software comercial para computadoras) y la "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Documentación del software comercial para computadoras), tal como se emplean dichos términos en el 48 C.F.R. §12.212 ó 48 C.F.R §227.7202, según corresponda.  Conforme a lo dispuesto en el 48 C.F.R. §12.212 ó 48 C.F.R §227.7202-1 a 227.7202-4, según corresponda, el "Commercial Computer Software" y la "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" se otorgan bajo licencia a los usuarios finales del gobierno de los EE.UU. (i) sólo en calidad de "Commercial Items" y (ii) exclusivamente con los derechos otorgados a todos los demás usuarios finales según los términos y condiciones estipulados en el presente Contrato. 

Inédito - todos los derechos reservados bajo las leyes de derechos de autor de los Estados Unidos de America.  Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, EE.UU..

Adobe es una marca de Adobe Systems Incorporated que se encuentra registrada en varios paises.  Macintosh es una marca registrada de Apple Computer, Inc.  Windows es una marca de Microsoft Corporation.



POR FAVOR INDIQUE SI ACEPTA O NO EL CONTRATO ANTERIOR MARCANDO LA CASILLA APROPIADA A CONTINUACIÓN.



Italy
Per 1 Computer

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contratto di licenza elettronico d'uso per l'utilizzatore finale
Versione Italiana

PER BENEFICIARE DEI VANTAGGI RISERVATI AGLI UTILIZZATORI REGISTRATI RISPEDIRE L'EVENTUALE SCHEDA DI REGISTRAZIONE ALLEGATA.

AVVERTENZA: IL PRESENTE CONTRATTO VIENE STIPULATO TRA L'UTILIZZATORE FINALE E LA ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED (NEL PROSIEGUO, PER BREVITÀ, L' "ADOBE"), UNA SOCIETÀ DI DIRITTO DEL DELAWARE, CORRENTE NEGLI STATI UNITI D'AMERICA. CONFERMANDO QUI DI SEGUITO LA SUA ACCETTAZIONE COME RICHIESTO, LEI ACCETTA TUTTI I TERMINI E LE CONDIZIONI DI QUESTO CONTRATTO (IN PARTICOLARE, LE LIMITAZIONI ALL'USO, AL TRASFERIMENTO ED ALLA GARANZIA). Questo Contratto di Licenza per l'Utilizzatore Finale della Adobe Systems è fornito con un prodotto software della Adobe® ("Software") e con il relativo materiale scritto con le spiegazioni (in seguito denominato "Documentazione"). Il termine "Software" includerà inoltre ogni e qualsiasi miglioramento, versione modificata, aggiornamento, aggiunta e copia del Software datoLe in licenza da Adobe. La preghiamo di leggere attentamente questo Contratto prima di confermare la Sua accettazione alla fine del testo. Se non desidera accettare i termini e le condizioni del presente Contratto, è tenuto a confermare il Suo rifiuto dove indicato, e pertanto non sarà in grado di usare il Software. Dovrà quindi rispedirci questo Software, insieme al resto del pacchetto ad Adobe o all'indirizzo dove lo ha acquistato.

Il presente documento costituisce un contratto di licenza, non un contratto di compravendita, ai sensi del quale l'Adobe resterà la sola proprietaria della presente copia del Software, contenuto nella confezione e d'ogni eventuale altra copia che l'utilizzatore finale sia autorizzato ad effettuare in base al presente Contratto. L'Adobe concede all'utilizzatore finale una licenza non esclusiva per l'utilizzo del Software e della Documentazione, a condizione che esso convenga con quanto segue:

1. Uso del Software.
1.1. L'utilizzatore finale ha diritto a installare il Software solamente in una locazione d'un disco rigido od altra periferica di memorizzazione per il numero massimo di computer (nel prosieguo, per brevità, il "Numero di computer ammesso") indicato in alto a sinistra, all'inizio del presente Contratto.
1.2. Se il Software è configurato per l'uso in rete, l'utilizzatore finale ha diritto a installarlo ed utilizzarlo su un unico server di un'unica rete locale per uno (ma non per entrambi) dei due scopi seguenti:
  (a) installazione permanente su un disco rigido od altra periferica di memorizzazione per il Numero di computer ammesso; oppure
  (b) utilizzo del Software in rete, a condizione che il numero dei computer su cui il Software stesso viene utilizzato non superi il Numero di computer ammesso. Ad esempio, se vi sono 100 computer collegati in rete al server, di cui non più di 15 utilizzano il Software contemporaneamente, ma il Software stesso viene utilizzato su 25 computer in tempi diversi, il Numero di computer ammesso per il quale occorre avere la licenza è 25.
1.3. L'utilizzatore finale ha diritto a visualizzare, modificare, riprodurre e distribuire interamente o parzialmente, qualsiasi fotografia, clipart o altro lavoro artistico, che siano contenuti nel Software (a meno che una nota specifiche indichi il contrario), purchè tali fotografie, clipart o lavori artistici non vengano distribuiti isolatamente. Tali fotografie, clipart e lavori artistici non possono essere utilizzati per la produzione di materiale contrario al pudore, osceno o pornografico. 
1.4. L'utilizzatore finale ha diritto a eseguire una copia di riserva del Software, a condizione che la stessa non venga installata né utilizzata su alcun computer.

1.5. USO DOMESTICO.  L'utilizzatore principale dei singoli computer sul quale il Software è installato o viene utilizzato può installarne una copia anche sul computer di casa o su un computer portatile. Il Software tuttavia non può essere utilizzato sul computer secondario da altre persone nello stesso momento in cui viene utilizzato sul computer principale.

1.6. CARATTERI SOFTWARE.  Se il Software è comprensivo di caratteri (font) software, l'utilizzatore finale ha diritto a:
(a) Utilizzare i caratteri software come dianzi specificato sul Numero di computer ammesso ed emettere gli stessi su qualsiasi dispositivo d'uscita collegato a detti computer.
(b) Se il Numero di computer ammesso è uguale od inferiore a cinque, scaricare i caratteri software nella memoria (disco fisso o RAM) di un dispositivo d'uscita collegato ad almeno uno di detti computer allo scopo di avere residenti i caratteri software sul dispositivo d'uscita, e nella memoria di un altro dispositivo d'uscita per ogni multiplo di cinque in ragione del Numero di computer ammesso.
(c) Fare una copia del carattere o dei caratteri utilizzati per un determinato documento (file) su una stampante commerciale od altro centro servizi, il quale ultimo potrà utilizzare il carattere o i caratteri per elaborare il documento (file) fornito dall'utilizzatore finale, a condizione che il centro stesso abbia informato quest'ultimo di essere in possesso della licenza d'uso per quel particolare carattere software.
(d) Convertire ed installare i caratteri software in altri formati per poterli utilizzare in altri ambienti, alle condizioni di séguito riportate: il computer sul quale vengono utilizzati od installati i caratteri software convertiti sarà considerato compreso nel Numero di computer ammesso. L'utilizzatore finale conviene che l'uso dei caratteri software convertiti dovrà avvenire nel rispetto dei termini e delle condizioni del presente Contratto, che i caratteri software in parola potranno essere utilizzati esclusivamente per uso interno alla propria azienda o per proprio uso personale e che gli stessi non potranno essere distribuiti né trasferiti per nessun motivo, salvo quanto contemplato al precedente paragrafo 3. 

2. Diritto d'autore.  Il Software è una proprietà intellettuale di Adobe e dei suoi fornitori ed è protetto dalla legge degli Stati Uniti d'America sul diritto di autore, dalle norme contenute nei trattati internazionali, dalla legge italiana sul diritto d'autore (come modificata dal decreto Iegislativo n. 518 del 1992), nonchè dalle leggi in vigore nel paese in cui esso viene usato. La struttura, I'organizzazione ed il codice del Software costituiscono preziosi segreti commerciali e informazioni confidenziali di Adobe e dei suoi fornitori. Pertanto, l'utilizzatore finale deve trattare il Software esattamente come se si trattasse d'un qualsiasi altro materiale tutelato dalle norme sul diritto d'autore, ad esempio i libri. All'utilizzatore finale è fatto divieto di effettuare copie del Software e della Documentazione salvo quanto contemplato nella sezione "Uso del Software". Le copie autorizzate ai sensi del presente Contratto devono contenere gli stessi avvisi di copyright e di diritti di proprietà che figurano nel o sul Software. Salvo per quanto riguarda il Software convertito in altri formati come previsto nella sezione "Uso del Software", l'utilizzatore finale conviene di non modificare, adattare o tradurre il Software. L'utilizzatore finale conviene inoltre di non reingegnerizzare, decompilare, disassemblare o comunque cercare di risalire al codice sorgente del Software. I marchi di fabbrica devono essere utilizzati in conformità alla prassi accettata sull'uso dei marchi di fabbrica, compresa l'identificazione del nome del titolare del marchio di fabbrica. È possibile utilizzare i marchi di fabbrica solamente per identificare le stampate prodotte dal Software. Tale uso dei marchi di fabbrica non darà all'utilizzatore finale alcun diritto di proprietà sul marchio di fabbrica corrispondente. Salvo quanto sopra stabilito, il presente Contratto non concede all'utilizzatore finale alcun diritto di proprietà intellettuale sul Software.

Entro i limiti in cui il diritto italiano (Art. 64-quater l. 633/1941) Le concede il diritto di decompilare il Software allo scopo di ottenere le informazioni necessarie per permettere al Software l'interoperabilità con un altro programma, Lei dovrà prima chiedere ad Adobe di trasmetterLe le informazioni necessarie. Adobe ha il diritto di imporre ragionevoli condizioni -- come, ad esempio, un compenso ragionevole -- per il rilascio di tali informazioni. Le richieste di informazioni potranno essere indirizzate al Servizio Clienti di Adobe (Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, fax 00-44-131-453-4422).

3. Trasferimento. L'utilizzatore finale non ha diritto a noleggiare, sublicenziare, vendere o trasferire il Software e la Documentazione. Tuttavia l'utilizzatore finale può trasferire tutti i suoi diritti sull'uso del Software  e della Documentazione a persone fisiche o giuridiche a condizione che (1) trasferisca anche il presente Contratto, il Software, comprese tutte le copie, gli aggiornamenti e le versioni precedenti e tutte le copie dei caratteri software convertiti in altri formati e la relativa Documentazione alla persona in discorso, (2) non trattenga copie, neppure memorizzate su computer, e (3) la parte ricevente accetti di essere vincolata al rispetto dei termini e delle condizioni del presente Contratto.

4. Software per ambienti multipli / Software per linguaggi multipli / Software su due supporti / Copie multiple / Aggiornamenti. Se il presente prodotto contiene, o in relazione all'acquisto del Software contenuto nel prodotto l'utilizzatore finale ha ricevuto, due o più versioni del Software per altrettanti ambienti operativi (ad esempio MacIntosh o Windows®), due o più versioni del Software tradotte in altrettante lingue, lo stesso Software su due o più supporti (ad esempio dischetti e CD) ed/o esso ha comunque ricevuto due o più copie del Software, il numero complessivo di computer sui quali vengono utilizzate le diverse versioni del Software non può superare il Numero di computer consentito. L'utilizzatore finale può eseguire una copia di riserva ai sensi del presente Contratto per le singole versioni utilizzate. L'utilizzatore finale non può noleggiare, sublicenziare, vendere o trasferire versioni o copie del Software non utilizzate, o il Software contenuto su supporti non utilizzati, a meno che non si tratti d'un trasferimento definitivo di tutto il Software e della Documentazione come dianzi precisato. 

Se l'utilizzatore finale ha acquistato un aggiornamento del Software, può continuare ad utilizzare la versione precedente per 90 (diconsi novanta) giorni dal ricevimento della nuova versione per agevolare il passaggio all'uso di quest'ultima, dopodiché la licenza sulla versione precedente terminerà. 

5. Garanzia limitata. L'Adobe garantisce all'utilizzatore finale che il Software funzionerà sostanzialmente secondo quanto indicato nella Documentazione per 90 (diconsi novanta) giorni dal ricevimento del Software stesso. La presente garanzia non vale per i caratteri software convertiti in altri formati. Per presentare richieste in garanzia l'utilizzatore deve restituire il prodotto al rivenditore presso il quale lo ha acquistato unitamente a copia della fattura o allo scontrino fiscale entro il suddetto periodo di 90 (diconsi novanta) giorni. Se il Software non dovesse funzionare sostanzialmente secondo quanto indicato nella Documentazione, l'intera ed esclusiva responsabilità dell'Adobe e dei suoi fornitori e l'unico rimedio a disposizione dell'utilizzatore finale consisteranno, a discrezione dell'Adobe, nella sostituzione del Software o nel rimborso del prezzo pagato dall'utilizzatore finale per l'acquisizione della licenza d'uso del Software. 

L'ADOBE ED I SUOI FORNITORI NON GARANTISCONO NÉ POSSONO GARANTIRE L'OTTENIMENTO DI PRESTAZIONI O RISULTATI CON L'USO DEL SOFTWARE O DELLA RELATIVA DOCUMENTAZIONE. QUANTO SOPRA COSTITUISCE L'UNICO ED ESCLUSIVO RIMEDIO IN CASO DI VIOLAZIONE DELLA GARANZIA DA PARTE DELL'ADOBE O DEI SUOI FORNITORI. AL DI LÀ DELLA GARANZIA LIMITATA CHE PRECEDE, L'ADOBE ED I SUOI FORNITORI NON CONCEDONO GARANZIE NÉ CONDIZIONI ESPRESSE OD IMPLICITE, COMPRESE, SENZ'INTENTO LIMITATIVO, QUELLE RELATIVE ALLA NON VIOLAZIONE DI DIRITTI DI TERZI, ALLA COMMERCIABILITÀ ED ALL'IDONEITÀ DEL PRODOTTO PER SCOPI SPECIFICI. IN NESSUN CASO L'ADOBE ED I SUOI FORNITORI POTRANNO ESSERE RITENUTI RESPONSABILI PER EVENTUALI DANNI DIRETTI O INDIRETTI, CONSEQUENZIALI O SPECIALI DI QUALSIASI NATURA, COMPRESI LUCRO CESSANTE E MANCATO RISPARMIO, ANCHE NEL CASO IN CUI UN FUNZIONARIO DELL'ADOBE SIA STATO AVVISATO CIRCA LA POSSIBILITÀ DI DETTI DANNI, NÉ PER EVENTUALI RICHIESTE DI RISARCIMENTO DI TERZI. 

Quanto stabilito nel presente Contratto non pregiudicherà i Suoi diritti di consumatore.

Alcuni stati ed alcune legislazioni non ammettono l'esclusione o la limitazione dei danni indiretti, consequenziali e speciali, o l'esclusione delle garanzie implicite o limitazioni sulla possibile durata delle garanzie implicite, per cui dette limitazioni ed esclusioni potranno non trovare applicazione nei casi specifici. Ove possibile, le eventuali garanzie implicite sono limitate a 90 (diconsi novanta) giorni. La presente garanzia concede all'utilizzatore finale diritti legali specifici. L'utilizzatore finale può avere altri diritti che variano da stato a stato o da legislazione a legislazione. Per ulteriori informazioni consultare il Reparto Assistenza Clienti (Customer Support Department) dell'Adobe.

6. Legge regolatrice e clausole generali.  Il presente Contratto è disciplinato dalla legge italiana. Il presente Contratto non è disciplinato dalla convenzione delle Nazioni Unite sui Contratti di Vendita Internazionale di Beni Mobili, nè dalle Convenzioni dell'Aja relative alle Leggi Uniformi sulla Formazione dei Contratti e sulla Vendita Internazionale di Beni Mobili, nè da nessuna legge, norma o regolamento di qualunque ordinamento basati sulle suddette convenzioni o leggi uniformi, e l'applicazione di tali leggi uniformi o convenzioni e di norme basate sulle stesse viene qui espressamente esclusa. Nel caso in cui una qualsiasi parte del presente Contratto dovesse risultare nulla ed inapplicabile, ciò non pregiudicherà la validità delle altre parti dello stesso, che resteranno valide ed applicazione in conformità ai rispettivi termini. L'utilizzatore finale conviene che il Software non verrà spedito, trasferito od esportato in nessun paese né utilizzato in modo contrario alle disposizioni della legge sulle esportazioni degli Stati Uniti d'America (United States Export Administration Act) e di altre leggi, limitazioni o regolamenti in materia d'esportazioni. Il presente Contratto terminerà automaticamente in caso di mancato rispetto da parte dell'utilizzatore finale delle disposizioni qui contenute. Il presente Contratto potrà essere modificato solamente per iscritto con documento a firma d'un funzionario autorizzato dell'Adobe.

Il presente documento costituisce un contratto indivisibile tra l'Adobe e l'utilizzatore finale in relazione al Software ed alla relativa documentazione e destituisce di fondamento ogni e qualsiasi dichiarazione, trattativa, impegno, contratto di licenza d'uso per l'utilizzatore finale, comunicazione o pubblicità precedente riguardanti il Software e la relativa documentazione.

7. Avvertenza per gli utilizzatori finali di enti governativi degli Stati Uniti d'America. Il Software e la Documentazione sono "Commercial Items" (Prodotti commerciali) secondo la definizione datane in 48 C.F.R. §2.101, costituiti da "Commercial Computer Software" (Software commerciale per computer) e "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" (Documentazione relativa a software commerciale per computer) secondo la definizione datane in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 o C.F.R. §227.7202 nella misura applicabile. Coerentemente al 48 C.F.R. §12.212 o 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 fino al 227.7202-4 incluso nella misura applicabile, il "Commercial Computer Software" e la "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" vengono concessi in licenza ad utilizzatori finali di enti governativi degli Stati Uniti d'America (i) esclusivamente come "Commercial Items" e (ii) con i soli diritti concessi a tutti gli altri utilizzatori finali ai termini ed alle condizioni tutti qui contenuti.

Tutti i diritti non pubblicati riservati, ai sensi delle leggi sul diritto d'autore degli Stati Uniti d'America, alla Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Per ulteriori consultazioni una copia del presente Contratto di Licenza per l'Utilizzatore Finale sarà a Sua disposizione, accessibile dopo l'installazione del Software. Per qualsiasi chiarimento in ordine al presente Contratto o per ricevere ulteriori informazioni da parte dell'Adobe mettersi in contatto con la filiale locale Adobe del proprio paese o scrivere al Reparto Assistenza Clienti (Customer Support Department), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, UK, fax +44 (0) 131 453 4422.

Adobe è un marchio di fabbrica della Adobe Systems Incorporated. MacIntosh è un marchio di fabbrica depositato della Apple Computer, Inc. Windows è un marchio di fabbrica depositato della Microsoft Corporation.


LA PREGHIAMO DI CONFERMARE LA SUA ACCETTAZIONE O IL SUO RIFIUTO DEL PRECEDENTE CONTRATTO SELEZIONANDO L'APPOSITO PULSANTE SOTTOSTANTE. SE NON ACCETTA QUESTO CONTRATTO, NON SARÀ IN GRADO DI INSTALLARE IL SOFTWARE. E NECESSARIO ACCETTARE QUESTO CONTRATTO PER INSTALLARE IL SOFTWARE.




Ireland
For 1 Computer

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Electronic End User Licence Agreement
Republic of Ireland

PLEASE RETURN ANY ACCOMPANYING REGISTRATION FORM TO RECEIVE REGISTRATION BENEFITS

NOTICE TO USER: THIS IS A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND ADOBE SYSTEMS ("ADOBE"), A COMPANY INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, U.S.A. BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE BELOW, YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. This Adobe Systems Incorporated End User Licence Agreement accompanies an Adobe® software product ("Software") and related explanatory materials ("Documentation"). The term "Software" shall also include any upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions and copies of the Software licensed to you by Adobe. You must read this Agreement carefully before indicating your acceptance at the end of the text of this Agreement.  If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, decline where instructed, and you will not be able to use the Software.  You should then return this Software, together with all the packaging, to Adobe or the location where you obtained it.

This is a licence agreement and not an agreement for sale. Adobe continues to own the copy of the Software and the physical media contained in this package and any other copy that you are authorised to make pursuant to this Agreement. Adobe grants to you a non-exclusive licence to use the Software and Documentation, provided that you agree to the following:

1. Use of the Software.  
1.1. You may install the Software in a single location on a hard disk or other storage device of up to the number of computers indicated in the upper left hand corner ("Permitted Number of Computers") of this Agreement.
1.2. Provided the Software is configured for network use, you may install and use the Software on a single file server for use on a single local area network for either (but not both) of the following purposes:
  (a) permanent installation onto a hard disk or other storage device of up to the Permitted Number of Computers; or
  (b) use of the Software over such network, provided the number of different computers on which the Software is used does not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. For example, if there are 100 computers connected to the server, with no more than 15 computers ever using the Software concurrently, but the Software will be used on 25 different computers at various times, the Permitted Number of Computers for which you need a licence is 25.
1.3. You may display, modify, reproduce and distribute any photographs,clip art or other artistic works, in whole or in part, that are included with the Software (unless a specific notice indicates to the contrary), provided such photographs, clip art or artistic works are not distributed on a stand-alone basis.  Such photographs, clip art and artistic works may not be used in the production of lewd, obscene or pornographic material.
1.4. You may make one backup copy of the Software, in accordance with the provisions of the European Communities (Legal Protection of Computer Programs) Regulations, 1993, provided your backup copy is not installed or used on any computer. 

1.5. HOME USE. The primary user of each computer on which the Software is installed or used may also install the Software on one home or portable computer. However, the Software may not be used on the secondary computer by another person at the same time the Software on the primary computer is being used.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE. If the Software includes font software, you may-- 
(a) Use the font software as described above on the Permitted Number of Computers and output such font software on any output devices connected to such computers. 
(b) If the Number of Permitted Computers is five or fewer, download the font software to the memory (hard disk or RAM) of one output device connected to at least one of such computers for the purpose of having such font software remain resident in the output device, and of one additional such output device for every multiple of five represented by the Number of Permitted Computers.
(c) Take a copy of the font(s) you have used for a particular file to a commercial printer or other service bureau, and such service bureau may use the font(s) to process your file, provided such service bureau has informed you that it has purchased or been granted a licence to use that particular font software.
(d) Convert and install the font software into another format for use in other environments, subject to the following conditions:  A computer on which the converted font software is used or installed shall be considered as one of your Permitted Number of Computers. You agree that use of the font software you have converted shall be pursuant to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, that such font software may be used only for your own customary internal business or personal use and that such font software may not be distributed or transferred for any purpose, except in accordance with Paragraph 3 below.

2. Copyright.  The Software is the intellectual property of Adobe and its suppliers and is protected by United States copyright law, international treaty provisions, and applicable laws of the country in which it is being used. The structure, organization and code of the Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Adobe and its suppliers. Therefore you must treat the Software just as you would any other copyrighted material, such as a book. You may not copy the Software or the Documentation except as set forth in the "Use of the Software" section. Any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Software. Except for font software converted to other formats as permitted in the "Use of the Software" section, you agree not to modify, adapt or translate the Software except as permitted under the European Communities (Legal Protection of Computer Programs) Regulations, 1993 (the "Regulations") in order to render the Software interoperable with other independently created software and any such act must be restricted to the portions of the Software which are necessary to achieve interoperability as stated. You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software except as permitted under the Regulations in order to render the Software interoperable with other independently created software and any such act must be restricted to the portions of the Software which are necessary to achieve interoperability as stated. Trademarks shall be used in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademark owner's name. Trademarks can only be used to identify printed output produced by the Software. Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark. Except as stated above, this Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software. 

If it is necessary for you to decompile the Software in order to obtain information necessary in order to render the Software interoperable with other independently created software in accordance with the Regulations, as stated above, you may first request Adobe to provide such information. Adobe has the right to impose reasonable conditions such as a reasonable fee for providing such information. Requests for information can be directed to Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

3. Transfer.  You may not rent, lease, sublicense or lend the Software or Documentation. You may, however, transfer all your rights to use the Software and Documentation to another person or legal entity provided that (i) you transfer this Agreement, the Software, including all copies, updates and prior versions and all copies of font software converted into other formats, and the Documentation to such person or entity, (ii) you retain no copies, including copies stored on a computer, and (iii) that the receiving party agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4. Multiple Environment Software/Multiple Language Software/Dual Media Software/Multiple Copies/Upgrades.  If this package contains, or, if in connection with the acquisition of the Software contained in this package you receive, two or more operating environment versions of the Software (e.g. Macintosh and Windows®), two or more language translation versions of the Software, the same Software on two or more media (e.g., diskettes and a CD-ROM), and/or you otherwise receive two or more copies of the Software, the total aggregate number of computers on which all versions of the Software are used may not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers. You may make one back-up copy, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for each version of the Software you use. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, lend or transfer versions or copies of the Software you do not use, or Software contained on any unused media, except as part of the permanent transfer of all Software and Documentation as described above.

If you acquire an upgrade or update for the Software, you may use the previous version for ninety (90) days after you receive the new version in order to assist you in the transition to the new version, after which time you no longer have a licence to use the previous version. 

5. Limited Warranty.  Adobe warrants to you that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation for the ninety (90) day period following your receipt of the Software. This warranty does not apply to font software converted into other formats. To make a warranty claim, you must return the Software to the location where you obtained it along with a copy of your sales receipt within such ninety (90) day period. If the Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation, the entire and exclusive liability of Adobe and its suppliers, and your exclusive remedy shall be limited to either, at Adobe's option, the replacement of the Software or the refund of the licence fee you paid for the Software.

ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.  THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR ADOBE'S OR ITS SUPPLIERS' BREACH OF WARRANTY.  EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY, AND FOR ANY WARRANTY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED BY COMPULSORY LAW, ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN IRELAND, IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. WHERE LEGALLY LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, BUT IT MAY BE LIMITED, ADOBE'S LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. 

The contractual rights which you enjoy by virtue of Section 12, 13, 14 and 15 of the Sale of Goods Act, 1893 (as amended) are in no way prejudiced by anything contained in this Agreement save (if you are not dealing as a consumer or in the case of an international sale of goods) to the extent permitted by law.

Section 39 of the Sale of Goods and Supply of Services Act, 1980 is hereby excluded with respect to the supply of the Software. The contractual rights which you enjoy by virtue of the provisions of Section 39 of the Sale of Goods and Supply of Services Act, 1980 are in no way prejudiced by anything contained in these terms and conditions save to the extent permitted by law.

Adobe is acting on behalf of its suppliers for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding and/or restricting obligations, warranties and liability in this paragraph 5, but in no other respects and for no other purpose.

6. Governing Law and General Provisions.  This Agreement is governed by Irish law and you submit to the jurisdiction of the Irish courts in relation to any matter or dispute arising hereunder.

This is the entire agreement between Adobe and you relating to the Software and the Documentation and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, end user licence agreements, communications or advertising relating to the Software and the Documentation. If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of Adobe.

7. Notice to United States Government End Users.  The Software and Documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (i) only as "Commercial Items" and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
 
Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

For your future reference a copy of this End User Licence Agreement will be accessible after you install the Software. If you have any questions regarding this agreement or if you wish to request any information from Adobe, please use the address information enclosed in this product to contact the local Adobe subsidiary serving your country or write to Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.


PLEASE INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OR DECLINE OF THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT BY CLICKING ON THE APPROPRIATE BUTTON BELOW. IF YOU DECLINE THIS AGREEMENT, SETUP WILL CLOSE. TO INSTALL THE SOFTWARE, YOU MUST ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT.



Lux.
Pour 1 ordinateur

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Contrat de licence électronique de l'utilisateur final
Version luxembourgeoise 

VEUILLEZ RETOURNER TOUT FORMULAIRE D'ENREGISTREMENT ACCOMPAGNANT LE PRODUIT AFIN DE BÉNÉFICIER DES AVANTAGES DE L'INSCRIPTION.

NOTE A L'UTILISATEUR : CECI EST UN CONTRAT CONCLU ENTRE VOUS-MÊME ET ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), SOCIÉTÉ INCORPORÉE EN CONFORMITÉ AVEC LA LEGISLATION DE L'ÉTAT AMERICAIN DE DELAWARE. EN INDIQUANT VOTRE ACCORD CI-DESSOUS, VOUS ACCEPTEZ TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DE CE CONTRAT. Ce contrat de Licence de l'Utilisateur Final d'Adobe Systems Incorporated accompagne un logiciel informatique Adobe® ("Logiciel") et des documents écrits expliquant l'utilisation du Logiciel ("Documentation"). Par le terme de "Logiciel", on entend également les mises à niveau, versions modifiées, mises à jour, additions et copies du Logiciel dont Adobe vous a accordé la licence. Avant d'indiquer votre acceptation à la fin du texte de ce Contrat, vous devez le lire avec attention. Si vous n'acceptez pas les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat, veuillez le préciser à l'endroit indiqué, vous ne serez alors plus autorisé à utiliser le Logiciel. Dans ce cas, veuillez retourner le Logiciel et tous les autres articles de l'emballage à Adobe ou au distributeur auprès duquel vous vous l'êtes procuré.

Le présent Contrat est un contrat de licence, et non un contrat de vente. Adobe demeure propriétaire de la copie du Logiciel contenue dans l'emballage, de son support, et de toute autre copie que le présent Contrat vous autorise à exécuter. Dès que vous acceptez ce Contrat, Adobe vous accorde une licence non-exclusive pour utiliser le Logiciel et la Documentation, à condition que vous acceptiez ce qui suit :

1. Utilisation du Logiciel.  
1.1. Vous êtes autorisé à installer le Logiciel sur un seul site, sur un disque dur ou sur tout autre périphérique de stockage d'ordinateur, sur le nombre maximum d'ordinateurs indiqué dans l'encadré sur la couverture du livret contenant le présent Contrat  ("Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs").
1.2. Vous êtes autorisé à installer et utiliser le Logiciel, à condition qu'il soit configuré pour une utilisation en réseau, sur un seul serveur de fichiers, pour une utilisation sur un seul réseau local, pour l'un ou l'autre (mais pas les deux) des objectifs suivants :
  (a) installation permanente sur un disque dur ou sur un autre périphérique de stockage sur, au maximum, le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs ; 
  (b) utilisation du Logiciel sur ce réseau, à condition que le nombre des différents ordinateurs sur lesquels le Logiciel est utilisé à des moments variés n'excède pas le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Par exemple, si cent ordinateurs sont reliés au serveur, même s'il n'y a jamais plus de 15 ordinateurs utilisant simultanément le Logiciel, si le Logiciel est utilisé sur 25 ordinateurs différents à des moments variés, le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs pour lequel une licence vous sera nécessaire sera de 25.
1.3. Vous êtes autorisé à afficher, modifier, reproduire et distribuer toute photographie, tout clip art ou tout autre ouvrage artistique, en totalité ou en partie, qui figure dans le Logiciel (sauf indication contraire dûment mentionnée), à condition que ces photographies, clip arts ou ouvrages artistiques ne soient pas distribués séparément. Ces photographies, ces clip arts et ces ouvrages artistiques ne peuvent pas être utilisés pour produire des matériaux obscènes, pornographiques ou lubriques.
1.4. Vous êtes autorisé à faire une copie de sauvegarde du Logiciel, à condition que votre copie de sauvegarde ne soit pas installée ou utilisée sur quelqu'ordinateur que ce soit.

1.5. UTILISATION à domicile. 
L'utilisateur principal de chaque ordinateur sur lequel est installé ou utilisé le Logiciel est également autorisé à installer le Logiciel sur un ordinateur secondaire, domestique ou portable. Cependant, il n'est pas permis qu'une autre personne utilise en même temps le Logiciel sur l'ordinateur secondaire lorsque le Logiciel est utilisé sur l'ordinateur principal.

1.6. LOGICIEL DE POLICES DE CARACTÈRES. 
Si le Logiciel comprend un logiciel de polices de caractères, vous pouvez :
(a) Utiliser le logiciel de polices de caractères comme indiqué ci-dessus sur le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs et sortir ce logiciel de polices de caractères sur tout périphérique de sortie connecté à ces ordinateurs.
(b) Si le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs est de cinq ou moins, décharger le logiciel de polices de caractères sur la mémoire (disque dur ou RAM) de l'un des périphériques de sortie connecté à au moins l'un de ces ordinateurs en vue de laisser de manière permanente ce logiciel de polices de caractères sur le périphérique de sortie, et sur la mémoire d'un périphérique de sortie supplémentaire pour chaque multiple de cinq contenu dans le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. 
(c) Faire une copie de la police (des polices) de caractères que vous avez utilisée(s) pour réaliser un fichier spécifique et la (les) remettre à un imprimeur commercial ou à un autre prestataire de services de bureautique, lequel pourra utiliser la police (les polices) pour traiter votre fichier, le tout à condition que ce prestataire vous ait informé qu'une licence lui permettant d'utiliser ce logiciel de polices de caractères spécifique lui a été concédée.
(d) Convertir et installer le logiciel de polices de caractères dans un autre format afin de l'utiliser dans d'autres environnements, sous réserve des conditions suivantes : un ordinateur sur lequel le logiciel de polices de caractères ainsi converti est utilisé ou installé sera considéré comme l'un des ordinateurs du Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Vous acceptez que l'utilisation du logiciel de polices de caractères que vous avez converti se fera conformément à toutes les dispositions du présent Contrat, que ce logiciel de polices de caractères ne peut être utilisé que pour votre propre utilisation interne habituelle, professionnelle ou personnelle, et que ce logiciel de polices de caractères ne peut pas être distribué ou cédé pour quelque but que ce soit, sauf en conformité avec le point 3 ci-dessous.

2. Droits d'auteur et droits intellectuels.  Le Logiciel est la propriété intellectuelle d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs. Il est protégé par la législation luxembourgeoise et la législation des États-Unis en matière de droits d'auteur, par les dispositions des traités internationaux et par les lois applicables dans le pays où le Logiciel est utilisé. La structure, l'organisation et les codes du Logiciel sont des secrets commerciaux de valeur et constituent des informations confidentielles appartenant à Adobe et à ses fournisseurs. Vous devez traiter le Logiciel de la même manière que toute oeuvre sur laquelle il existe des droits d'auteur, tel qu'un livre par exemple. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à copier le Logiciel ou la Documentation, sauf comme le prévoit la section intitulée "Utilisation du Logiciel". Toute copie que vous êtes autorisé à faire en vertu du présent Contrat doit comporter les mêmes mentions de droits d'auteur et d'autres droits de propriété que celles qui apparaissent sur ou dans le Logiciel. A l'exception de ce qui vous est autorisé en vertu de la section intitulée "Utilisation du Logiciel", pour le logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats, vous ne pouvez pas modifier, adapter ou traduire le Logiciel. En outre, vous ne pouvez pas faire de l'ingénierie inverse, décompiler, désassembler le Logiciel ou tenter d'une quelconque manière d'en découvrir le code source. Les marques commerciales seront utilisées conformément aux usages en la matière, y compris en ce qui concerne l'identification du nom du propriétaire de la marque. Les marques ne peuvent être utilisées que pour identifier les sorties imprimées générées par le Logiciel. L'utilisation autorisée par le présent Contrat d'une marque ne vous confère aucun droit de propriété sur cette marque. Le présent Contrat ne vous accorde aucun droit de propriété intellectuelle sur le Logiciel.

Sous réserve des dispositions de la loi applicable, dans la mesure où elle vous accorde le droit de reproduire le code du Logiciel ou de traduire la forme de ce code, vous devrez d'abord demander à Adobe de vous fournir les informations nécessaires à l'interopérabilité. Dans ce cas, Adobe a le droit d'imposer des conditions raisonnables, notamment le paiement d'une redevance raisonnable. Pour toute information, veuillez vous adresser au Customer Support Department (service clientèle), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimbourg, Ecosse EH11 4DU, Royaume-Uni, télécopieur +44-(0)131-453-4422. Les dispositions ci-dessus ne préjudicient pas aux droits expressément reconnus aux utilisateurs de logiciels par les articles 28-5 et 28-6 de la loi du 29 mars 1972 sur le droit d'auteur telle que modifiée par la loi du 24 avril 1995.

3. Transfert.  Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à donner le Logiciel ou la Documentation en location, en crédit-bail, en sous-licence ou en prêt. Cependant, vous êtes autorisé à transférer tous vos droits d'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation à une autre personne physique ou morale à condition que : (i) vous lui transfériez le présent Contrat, le Logiciel, y compris toutes les copies, mises à jour et versions antérieures, ainsi que toutes les copies du logiciel de polices de caractères converti en d'autres formats, et la Documentation, et (ii) que vous ne gardiez aucune copie, et notamment aucune copie en mémoire dans l'ordinateur et (iii) que la personne physique ou morale bénéficiant de ce transfert accepte d'être liée par les clauses et conditions de ce Contrat.

4. Logiciel d'environnement multiple / Logiciel de langage multiple / Logiciel sur double support / Copies multiples / Nouvelles versions. Si cet emballage contient, ou si, en rapport avec l'acquisition du Logiciel contenu dans cet emballage vous recevez, deux ou plusieurs versions d'environnement d'exploitation du Logiciel (par exemple, Macintosh et Windows®), deux ou plusieurs versions de traduction de langage du Logiciel, le même Logiciel sur deux ou plusieurs supports (par exemple, des disquettes et un disque optique compact) et/ou si vous recevez d'une autre manière deux ou plusieurs copies du Logiciel, le nombre total de l'ensemble des ordinateurs sur lesquels toutes les versions ou copies autorisées du Logiciel sont utilisées ne doit pas excéder le Nombre Autorisé d'Ordinateurs. Vous êtes autorisé à faire une copie de sauvegarde, conformément aux termes du présent Contrat, pour chaque version du Logiciel que vous utilisez. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à donner en location, en crédit-bail, en sous-licence ou en prêt, ni à transférer les versions ou copies du Logiciel que vous n'utilisez pas ou le Logiciel contenu sur n'importe quel support non utilisé, sauf si cela fait partie du transfert permanent de tout le Logiciel et de toute la Documentation, tel que décrit ci-dessus.

Si vous faites l'acquisition d'une nouvelle version ou d'une mise à jour du Logiciel, vous pouvez utiliser la version précédente du Logiciel pendant quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours après que vous ayez reçu la version nouvelle de manière à vous faciliter la transition vers la nouvelle version, après quoi vous n'avez plus de licence d'utilisation de la version précédente du Logiciel. 

5. Garantie limitée.  Adobe vous garantit que le Logiciel fonctionnera fondamentalement en conformité avec la Documentation, pour une période de quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours à compter de la réception du Logiciel par vos soins. Cette garantie ne s'applique pas au logiciel de polices de caractères converti dans d'autres formats. Pour formuler une réclamation dans le cadre de la garantie, vous devez retourner le Logiciel à l'endroit où vous vous l'êtes procuré, accompagné d'une copie de votre bon d'achat dans ledit délai de quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours. Si le Logiciel ne fonctionne pas fondamentalement en conformité avec la Documentation, la seule et exclusive responsabilité d'Adobe et de ses fournisseurs, et la seule réparation à votre égard seront limitées, au choix d'Adobe, au remplacement du Logiciel ou au remboursement de la redevance de licence que vous avez versée pour le Logiciel.  ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS NE GARANTISSENT PAS ET NE PEUVENT GARANTIR LES PERFORMANCES OU LES RÉSULTATS QUE VOUS POURREZ OBTENIR EN UTILISANT LE LOGICIEL OU LA DOCUMENTATION. CE QUI PRÉCÈDE DÉCRIT VOS SEULS ET EXCLUSIFS RECOURS EN CAS DE NON RESPECT DE LA GARANTIE DONNÉE PAR ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS. A L'EXCEPTION DE LA GARANTIE LIMITÉE SUSMENTIONNÉE, ADOBE ET SES FOURNISSEURS NE DONNENT AUCUNE GARANTIE, EXPRESSE OU TACITE, CONCERNANT LA NON-VIOLATION DE DROITS DE TIERS, LA QUALITÉ MARCHANDE ET SATISFAISANTE OU L'ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER. EN AUCUN CAS, ADOBE OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE TOUS DOMMAGES DIRECTS OU INDIRECTS, CONSECUTIFS OU SPÉCIAUX, ET NOTAMMENT DE TOUTES PERTES FAITES OU DE MANQUES À GAGNER, ET CELA QUAND BIEN MÊME UN REPRÉSENTANT D'ADOBE AURAIT ÉTÉ INFORMÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES. EN AUCUN CAS, ADOBE OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE QUELQUE RÉCLAMATION QUE CE SOIT ÉMANANT DE TOUT TIERS. 

L'application des clauses présentes ne vous prive pas de vos droits relatifs à la garantie légale en droit luxembourgeois, dans la mesure où elle serait applicable. Pour le cas où vous auriez la qualité de consommateur, aucune des dispositions du présent Contrat ne pourrait vous priver des droits dont vous pourriez, le cas échéant, bénéficier en vertu de la loi applicable.

Le droit applicable dans certains Etats n'autorisant pas l'exclusion ou la limitation de dommages indirects, consécutifs ou spéciaux ou l'exclusion de garanties tacites ou les limitations de durée d'une garantie tacite, il est possible que les limitaitons ci-dessus ne s'appliquent pas à votre cas. Dans la mesure où cela est autorisé, toute garantie tacite sera limitée à quatre-vingt-dix (90) jours. La présente garantie vous donne des droits spécifiques. Il est possible que vous ayez d'autres droits. Les droits varient d'un pays à l'autre. Pour tout renseignement complémentaire concernant la garantie, veuillez contacter le Customer Support Department (service clientèle) d'Adobe.

6. Droit applicable et dispositions générales.  Le présent Contrat est soumis au droit luxembourgeois (à l'exclusion de l'application des règles de conflits de lois). Le présent Contrat n'est pas régi par la Convention des Nations Unies sur les contrats de vente internationale de marchandises, par la Loi uniforme sur la formation des contrats de vente internationale de marchandises, par la Loi uniforme relative à la vente internationale de marchandises, ni par aucune loi, aucun règlement ou aucune réglementation d'aucune sorte basée sur ladite Convention ou lesdites Lois uniformes, et l'application de ladite Convention et desdites Lois uniformes est expressément exclue. Les parties acceptent de porter tous litiges nés à propos du présent Contrat devant les juridictions du Luxembourg.

Si l'une quelconque des dispositions du présent Contrat est jugée nulle et/ou non exécutoire, cela n'affectera pas la validité de ses autres dispositions qui resteront applicables et exécutoires. Vous acceptez que le Logiciel ne doit pas être expédié, transféré ou exporté dans un pays, ou utilisé d'une manière interdite par la loi américaine sur le contrôle des exportations (United States Export Administration Act) ou par toutes autres lois, restrictions ou réglementations relatives au contrôle des exportations. Le présent Contrat sera automatiquement résilié en cas de non-respect de votre part de ses termes. Le présent Contrat ne peut être modifié que par un écrit signé par un responsable autorisé d'Adobe.

Le présent Contrat constitue le contrat de licence entre Adobe et vous-même, relatif à l'utilisation du Logiciel et de la Documentation. Il annule et remplace tous pourparlers, engagements, déclarations, contrats de licence pour utilisateur final, communications et publicités préalables, concernant le Logiciel et la Documentation.

7. Note pour les utilisateurs du Gouvernement des États-Unis.  Le Logiciel et la Documentation sont des "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") qui sont conformes à la définition de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 2.101, et se composent de "Logiciel informatique commercial" ("Commecial Computer Software") et de "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial" ("Commercial Computer Software Documentation"), qui sont conformes aux définitions de la norme 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 227.7202, suivant le cas. En conformité avec 48 C.F.R., paragraphe 12.212 ou 48 C.F.R., paragraphes 227.7202-1 à 227.7202-4, suivant le cas, le "Logiciel informatique commercial" et la "Documentation de logiciel informatique commercial" sont licenciés à des utilisateurs employés par le gouvernement américain, premièrement, uniquement en tant qu' "Éléments commerciaux" ("Commercial Items") et, deuxièmement, uniquement avec les droits qui sont accordés à tous les autres utilisateurs en conformité avec les termes et conditions du présent Contrat.

Les droits d'auteur sur les oeuvres ou travaux non publiés sont réservés en vertu de la législation des États-Unis d'Amérique sur le droit d'auteur. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

Pour références, une copie de ce contrat de licence de l'utilisateur final est accessible après que vous ayez installé le Logiciel. Pour toutes questions concernant le présent Contrat ou pour tous renseignements que vous souhaiteriez obtenir d'Adobe, veuillez utiliser l'adresse jointe à ce produit afin de contacter la filiale d'Adobe couvrant votre pays ou écrire à : Customer Support Department (service clientèle), Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edimbourg, Ecosse EH11 4DU, Royaume-Uni, télécopieur +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe est une marque d'Adobe Systems Incorporated. Macintosh est une marque déposée d'Apple Computer, Inc. Windows est une marque déposée de Microsoft Corporation.


VEUILLEZ INDIQUER VOTRE ACCEPTATION OU VOTRE REFUS D'ACCEPTATION DU CONTRAT SUSDIT, EN CLIQUANT SUR LE BOUTON APPROPRIE SITUE CI-DESSOUS. SI VOUS REFUSEZ CE CONTRAT, L'INSTALLATION DU LOGICIEL NE SERA PAS POSSIBLE. POUR INSTALLER LE LOGICIEL, IL VOUS FAUT ACCEPTER TOUTES LES CLAUSES ET CONDITIONS DU CONTRAT SUSDIT.




Others
For 1 Computer 

Adobe Systems Incorporated
Electronic End User Licence Agreement 

PLEASE RETURN ANY ACCOMPANYING REGISTRATION FORM TO RECEIVE REGISTRATION BENEFITS

NOTICE TO USER: THIS IS A CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ("ADOBE"), A COMPANY INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, U.S.A. BY INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE BELOW, YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. This Adobe Systems Incorporated End User Licence Agreement accompanies an Adobe® software product ("Software") and related explanatory materials ("Documentation"). The term "Software" shall also include any upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions and copies of the Software licensed to you by Adobe. You must read this Agreement carefully before indicating your acceptance at the end of the text of this Agreement.  If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, decline where instructed, and you will not be able to use the Software. You should then return this Software, together with all the packaging, to Adobe or the location where you obtained it.

This is a licence agreement and not an agreement for sale. Adobe continues to own the copy of the Software and the physical media contained in this package and any other copy that you are authorised to make pursuant to this Agreement. Adobe grants to you a nonexclusive license to use the Software and Documentation, provided that you agree to the following:

1.  Use of the Software.  
1.1. You may install the Software in a single location on a hard disk or other storage device of up to the number of computers indicated in the upper left hand corner ("Permitted Number of Computers") of this Agreement.
1.2. Provided the Software is configured for network use, you may install and use the Software on a single file server for use on a single local area network for either (but not both) of the following purposes:
  (a)  permanent installation onto a hard disk or other storage device of up to the Permitted Number of Computers; or
  (b)  use of the Software over such network, provided the number of different computers on which the Software is used does not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers.  For example, if there are 100 computers connected to the server, with no more than 15 computers ever using the Software concurrently, but the Software will be used on 25 different computers at various times, the Permitted Number of Computers for which you need a license is 25.
1.3. You may display, modify, reproduce and distribute any photographs,clip art or other artistic works, in whole or in part, that are included with the Software (unless a specific notice indicates to the contrary), provided such photographs, clip art or artistic works are not distributed on a stand-alone basis.  Such photographs, clip art and artistic works may not be used in the production of lewd, obscene or pornographic material.
1.4. You may make one backup copy of the Software, provided your backup copy is not installed or used on any computer. 

1.5. HOME USE.  The primary user of each computer on which the Software is installed or used may also install the Software on one home or portable computer.  However, the Software may not be used on the secondary computer by another person at the same time the Software on the primary computer is being used.

1.6. FONT SOFTWARE.  If the Software includes font software, you may-- 
(a) Use the font software as described above on the Permitted Number of Computers and output such font software on any output devices connected to such computers.
(b) If the Permitted Number of Computers is five or fewer, download the font software to the memory (hard disk or RAM) of one output device connected to at least one of such computers for the purpose of having such font software remain resident in the output device, and of one additional such output device for every multiple of five represented by the Permitted Number of Computers.
(c) Take a copy of the font(s) you have used for a particular file to a commercial printer or other service bureau, and such service bureau may use the font(s) to process your file, provided such service bureau has informed you that it has purchased or been granted a license to use that particular font software.  
(d) Convert and install the font software into another format for use in other environments, subject to the following conditions:  A computer on which the converted font software is used or installed shall be considered as one of your Permitted Number of Computers.  You agree that use of the font software you have converted shall be pursuant to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, that such font software may be used only for your own customary internal business or personal use and that such font software may not be distributed or transferred for any purpose, except in accordance with Paragraph 3 below.

2.  Copyright.  The Software is owned by Adobe and its suppliers, and its structure, organization and code are the valuable trade secrets of Adobe and its suppliers.  The Software is also protected by United States Copyright Law and International Treaty provisions.  You must treat the Software just as you would any other copyrighted material, such as a book.  You may not copy the Software or the Documentation, except as set forth in the "Use of the Software" section.  Any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Software.  Except for font software converted to other formats as permitted in the "Use of the Software" section, you agree not to modify, adapt or translate the Software   except as may be expressly permitted under the European Directive on the Legal Protection of Computer Programs (14 May 1991) ("the Directive"). You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software except as may be expressly permitted under the Directive. Trademarks shall be used in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademark owner's name.  Trademarks can only be used to identify printed output produced by the Software.  Such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark.  Except as stated above, this Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software.

3.  Transfer.  You may not rent, lease, sublicense or lend the Software or Documentation. You may, however, transfer all your rights to use the Software and Documentation to another person or legal entity provided that (i) you transfer this Agreement, the Software, including all copies, updates and prior versions and all copies of font software converted into other formats, and the Documentation to such person or entity, (ii) you retain no copies, including copies stored on a computer, and (iii) that the receiving party agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

4.  Multiple Environment Software/Multiple Language Software/Dual Media Software/Multiple Copies/Upgrades.   If this package contains, or, in connection with the acquisition of the Software contained in this package you receive, two or more operating environment versions of the Software (e.g. Macintosh and Windows®), two or more language translation versions of the Software, the same Software on two or more media (e.g., diskettes and a CD-ROM), and/or you otherwise receive two or more copies of the Software, the total aggregate number of computers on which all versions of the Software are used may not exceed the Permitted Number of Computers.  You may make one back-up copy, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for each version of the Software you use.  You may not rent, lease, sublicense, lend or transfer versions or copies of the Software you do not use, or Software contained on any unused media, except as part of the permanent transfer of all Software and Documentation as described above.  If you acquire an upgrade or update for Software, you may use the previous version for ninety (90) days after you receive the new version in order to assist you in the transition to the new version, after which time you no longer have a license to use the previous version. 

5.  Limited Warranty.  Adobe warrants to you that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation for the ninety (90) day period following your receipt of the Software.  This warranty does not apply to font software converted into other formats.  To make a warranty claim, you must return the Software to the location where you obtained it along with a copy of your sales receipt within such ninety (90) day period.  If the Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation, the entire and exclusive liability and remedy shall be limited to either, at Adobe's option, the replacement of the Software or the refund of the license fee you paid for the Software.  ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.  THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR ADOBE'S OR ITS SUPPLIERS' BREACH OF WARRANTY.  EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY, ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to you.  To the extent permissible, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days.  This warranty gives you specific legal rights.  You may have other rights which vary from state to state or jurisdiction to jurisdiction.  For further warranty information, please contact Adobe's Customer Support Department. 

6.  Limitation of Liability.  IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.  Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or special damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.

7. Governing Law and General Provisions.  This Agreement will be governed by the laws in force in the State of California excluding the application of its conflicts of law rules.  This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.  If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.  You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations.  This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms.  This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of Adobe.

This is the entire agreement between Adobe and you  relating to the Software and the Documentation and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, end user license agreements, communications or advertising relating to the Software and the Documentation.

8. Notice to United States Government End Users.  The Software and Documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation" are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (i) only as "Commercial Items" and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.

Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.  Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, U.S.A.

For your future reference a copy of this End User Licence Agreement will be accessible after you install the Software. If you have any questions regarding this agreement or if you wish to request any information from Adobe, please use the address information enclosed in this product to contact the local Adobe subsidiary serving your country or write to Customer Support Department, Adobe Systems Europe Limited, Adobe House, Mid New Cultins, Edinburgh, Scotland EH11 4DU, United Kingdom, telefax +44-(0)131-453-4422.

Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated.  Macintosh is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. Windows is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.


PLEASE INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OR DECLINE OF THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT BY CLICKING ON THE APPROPRIATE BUTTON BELOW. IF YOU DECLINE THIS AGREEMENT, SETUP WILL CLOSE. TO INSTALL THE SOFTWARE, YOU MUST ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT.


